German magazines report cell phone video of harrowing final moments from Germanwings Flight 9525. Prosecutor
The Palestinian Authority becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the
Amnesty International says governments are using terror threat to advance executions. The report cites Pakistan lifting a
Amnesty releases annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
Researchers say Anne Frank and her sister probably did not survive to March 1945. The sisters stayed
Duke University says the student is no longer on campus. The student admitted to hanging a no
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller dies at 88. He was a televangel
A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own. The
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister. He has been John Kerry's opposite
Bob Barker hosted "The Price Is Right" for 35 years. He stepped down in 2007
Trey Moses, a star on Eastern High School's basketball team, was originally going to take
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables
Walmart's criticism of a religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican
Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks have been released. They were exposed to Ebola in
Coroner says there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty. He had
Mike Tyson is a Koch Favorite, Mulls 2016 Run for President. He signed a bill
tropical storm Maysak is now classified as a tropical storm. It's expected to make
A man on a small container ship signaling for help is rescued. "He looked good.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 after a fiery car crash. The film was released on Friday
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran.
Vince Neil reminds us of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner" Jim
Yahya Rashid, 19, was arrested at Luton airport on Tuesday. He's
The total eclipse will last only four minutes and 43 seconds. It started at 3:16
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over religious freedom
A sailor who dies at sea is often a man who can't afford technology or a nearby
A top Iranian official says the ban on women attending sports will be lifted in the coming months
Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than war. "This deal has to be wrapped into
Mike Tyson lived in Southington, Ohio, mansion in the 1980s and '90
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks.
Police in Malegaon, western India, have asked residents to take a'mug
Keonna Thomas, 30, is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Singapore jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore. The government uses
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "
Two agents were injured in a car crash. Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32
NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure academic integrity of its courses. NCAA lawyers say
The Large Hadron Collider is ready for action after a two-year shutdown. The L
airstrikes have destroyed homes, damaged infrastructure and killed hundreds. Yemen's deposed President Hadi
Religious Freedom Restoration Act is a religious liberty law. Critics say it uses faith as a pretext
Al-Shabaab claims attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya. Attack is
Cassandra, 17, will remain in temporary custody of the state for now, her attorney says
"Funk" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. It
Thai Smile unveiled colorful new livery at Suvarnabhumi International Airport. The
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base. The World Meteorological Organization is in
Kim Ki-Jong is accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert
President Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran. Julian Zelizer:
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted his son, who is a rapper, only eats "hood
Blue Bell has recalled 3-ounce servings of ice cream from Broken Arrow plant. The company
Rurik Jutting, 29, is charged with two counts of murder. He
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history. Internationally,
Manning says she will use a voice phone to dictate her tweets. She is serving a 35
The UVA article was published by Rolling Stone, but the magazine did not endorse the editorial
Defense Minister Gen. Antonio Inoki says his jets have never found aliens from outer space.
FBI confirms that Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in a raid in the Philippines. Mar
Shibuya ward in Tokyo has approved a law allowing same-sex couples some rights.
David Lynch confirms he will not direct "Twin Peaks" The 1990s show was due
Andrew Harrison apologizes for using "F**k that (N-word" during reporter
The explosion occurred at an oil storage facility in Zhangzhou city. The plant produces parax
EPA: The presence of methyl bromide may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware
Sen. Rand Paul is running for president of the United States. Paul has tried to sell
Paul Waldman: A 15-count indictment in California is a menace to society. He
"Mad Men" is generally a show about disintegration, reflective of the '60s
Chris Rock tweets photos of himself driving with blue police lights in his car. He says he
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing. "Patriots
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game. She was mort
Kenyans share photos of the victims of the Garissa University College attack. The attack
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says. The flight
Carlos Colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery. He was arraigned Monday
Jennifer Stewart booked her pet cat, Felix, on a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York
"Arrested Development" will return for a fifth season. The show was canceled in
Aaron Carroll: Easter Triduum refers to three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations,
The nation's top stories will be unfolding Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas. In
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the race. He's counting on Iowa, known
Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving "V irreversible Diaries" at the end of
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges
Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Go
Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey, the Turkish military says. The group allegedly tried to
Kayahan was diagnosed with cancer in 1990. He competed in the Eurovision Song Contest and
nuclear submarine being repaired at Russian shipyard caught on fire, source says. "The submarine
45 workers are injured in the fire, which began early Wednesday morning. Two of them are
TV5Monde regained control of its channels and its websites after a cyberattack. The
Three killed in fire exchange with assailants in Balkh province. Afghan security forces cautiously making advances
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty of all 30 counts in the Boston Marathon bombing trial
The blaze began at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
Up to 25,000 Iraqi troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May,
PG&E says it is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
One person dies in Illinois as a massive tornado rips through the Midwest. A large and
Witness who recorded the video says he didn't see Scott grab Slager's Taser.
Lucknow police have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more. The
A supervisor at the Secret Service is accused of making sexual advances at a party. Xavier Morales
dysart played the senior partner Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American. He
Don McLean's "American Pie" is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of killing two restaurant managers in 1985. He was released after
April 8, 2015, is also "Rex Manning Day" Twitter pays homage to the 1995
Mary Kay Letourneau and her husband, Vili Fualaau, are still married
Twisted Sister will play in 2016. The band's biggest hit, "We're Not G
"Grace of Monaco" is being sold directly to Lifetime. The Weinstein Co. decided
"American Pie" is the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript. "
Photographer Daniel Ramos had filed a civil suit against Kanye West. The two had been involved in
John Travolta is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in
B.B. King was hospitalized for dehydration, his daughter says. "I'm feeling
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts he faced in the deadly Boston
"Grandpa Bi" is a popular Chinese television personality known for satirical jokes. He was
Spotters report a tornado near Goddard, Kansas. The storms could pose a risk to other
The baby is about 6 feet tall. The baby joins a sister, 4-year-
"Game of Thrones" is about to return for its fifth season. Executive producer says the
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the U
Aaron Miller: President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran. Miller
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina
The shootings began with a domestic kidnapping incident, police say. The suspect then fled the scene
The incident has not been publicly disclosed. It comes as the U.S. and other
Liana Barrientos is accused of using an immigration scam to get married. She has
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs has been trending on social media. Some are
LZ Granderson says he stopped going to church when his brother died of cancer. He
The Taliban releases a biography ofMullah Mohammed Omar. Omar is credited with founding the Taliban
Amnesty International report examines persecution of women's rights activists in Afghanistan. Women in Afghanistan became pall
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, possession of drug paraphernalia. The
The first six "Star Wars" movies will be available for digital download Friday. One focus
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Julian Zelizer: Clinton
Martin O'Malley says Clinton is an "eminently qualified candidate" He says the party
Ramalinga Raju is fined $ Goodwin,000. He and nine others were convicted
Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave. The policy allows mothers and fathers
Craig Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslims. The 46-year-old is
"True Detective" premieres June 21. Colin Farrell stars as a compromised detective. Rachel
University of Michigan will screen "American Sniper" despite objections from some students. Some students believed
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in 2013. She played for Mount St.
Carlos Colina, 32, is facing murder charges in connection with the remains of another man
Chris Copeland, 31, was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub, police say.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature film as director. The film is
A woman on Alaska Airlines says she was removed because she doesn't have a doctor's note
Prosecutors have been waiting months for testimony from witnesses. The defense is wrapping up its side of
Adelma Cifuentes was tortured, beaten and even raped for 12 years
Robert Durst is accused of having a.38 caliber revolver. He faces a maximum of
Department of Justice report provides insight into Ferguson police department. Michael Brown: City's mayor has
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses. The EPA says the
Oliver Minatel was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto. He says a stranger
Rolling Stone published a story about a purported gang rape that was never disputed. The school has
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five shots after three rounds. Tiger Woods, Phil Mic
"Star Wars" streaming is the streaming device of your choice. "The Vampire Diaries
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slur
The graffiti dates back to the 18th century. The inscriptions were found near Naours
Loretta Lynch is the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
The crash took place at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway. The driver
NASA's Kepler satellite has found nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets" The most
Hatton Garden heist is a rare crime in London where criminals have been planning it for
Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since
"Furious 7" producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage
A judge recently approved service of service for divorce papers on a husband via Facebook. Danny C
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. Lynch
Tejano star Selena's family is creating a hologram-like figure. The
Celebrity Infinity has been taking action since the outbreak began. The illness has also affected five members
Five Chinese feminists could face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Daniel Boykin
A boat fragment was found off Oregon's coast. The debris is suspected to be from the
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the Summit of the Americas. But Cuba's
ISIS claims it controls the Baiji oil refinery. Iraqi government security officials deny the claim.
Two Troy University students are accused of gang raping a woman. The men were arrested and charged
A ramp agent is taken to an area hospital as a precaution. The man told authorities he
Artist Phillip Hyman's piece of art is a symbol of mourning for the family. He
Russian jet intercepted a U.S. RC-135U over the Baltic Sea. The
Police say the man was left in a Philadelphia park for more than four days. He was
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to Israel maintaining a military edge over Iran
The girls were abducted one year ago in northeastern Nigeria. Boko Haram militants are opposed to Western
Nyia Parler, 41, is in custody in Maryland, police say. She is
Kansas governor signs law banning second-term abortion procedure. It is the first of its kind
Philadelphia police say Nyia Parler left her son in the woods while she went to Maryland
Jia Jiang is a self-help author who started his "100 Days of Rejection
30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5. This is the
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a son Monday. She and husband
A brood of baby ducks were causing a stir on Washington's L Street Northwest. A man
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College. He was killed Monday, police say
Former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud dies at 84. Benaud was induct
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into its rich cultural heritage to help its economy flourish
Italy has rescued more than 2,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015. Most
" Double Falsehood" was first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald. New
Kenyans mourn the victims of the attack Tuesday night at Nairobi's Uhuru
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracking after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings
Malala Yousafzai was wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman. She recovered with no
Wu Rongrong and four others were detained for "creating disturbances" last month
Arias was convicted of first-degree murder in May 2013. She was eligible for the
Attorney General Eric Holder tells all Department personnel in the department he heads. Holder says prostitution is
Hillary Clinton is running for president in 2016. Julian Zelizer: Clinton's loss would perpetuate
A video shows a South Carolina police officer shooting dead an unarmed black man. John Avlon
A Tennessee prosecutor was fired for offering a plea deal for sterilization. Paul Waldman:
Emy Afalava is seeking to sue the D.C. Circuit for discrimination against
Peter Bergen: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev verdict is not surprising, but it could be
Apple added a range ofcoloured emojis to its mobile operating system. John S
Mark O'Mara: Police body camera could have prevented the entire tragedy. He says
New map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS
Iman Hashi and her sister Siham are releasing their debut album in the U.
Yarmouk camp on outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict. The camp
NBC's "Bible" sequel is one of six shows to watch this week. "
Paul Bettany is playing the Vision in the "Avengers: Age ofificent"
Odin Lloyd was the backbone of the family, his mother says. He was "the man
The U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax. The U.S
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials. He is accused of killing two men and wounding another
Julian Zelizer: Abraham Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation is a family affair. The center has been a
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to stay in second place in the
"Orphan Black" returns for its second season on Saturday. The series remains one of
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show.
Netflix's "D roar" is already a hit with fans. The new series streamed its
Alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband when she was allegedly confiscated.
Cynthia Lennon was 75. She married John Lennon in 1962. She was a stabilizing force
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for release July 3. The documentary
Ray Gricar went missing in 2005, leaving behind a girlfriend and a daughter. Investigators
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week of the bombings at the race. The jury
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for all 30 counts in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings
Kenyan teachers and students fear being targeted by the Somalia-based terrorists.
The robot stalled after moving about 10 meters, the plant operator says. It was deployed inside
Robert Bates surrendered to police Tuesday morning. He was charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Jenny's cookies are sold for $9 a tin. Tourists line up for hours to
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. The
Brett McGurk says ISIS is a problem that is off the charts historically. He says
Saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired by Houthis, a Saudi official says. Three Saudi
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim, Yemen, at first
The explosion happened outside a bus station in Gombe, northeast Nigeria. The woman left
John T. Booker Jr. was arrested in Kansas, the FBI says. He was a
ISIS militants separated Yazidi women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. The group was
Muhammadu Buhari says he will fight corruption and give attention to the northeast part of
Hillary Clinton's campaign manager releases a "ogyday" memo. The document says the campaign
CNN's Alistair Hager and her team are in Baghdad, Iraq, to meet
A swarm of Asian carp attack a rowing boat. Devin Patel says he couldn't get
The deal would be worth the effort, but it would still be a mistake to move forward
Gwyneth Paltrow is taking part in a #FoodBankNYCenge challenge
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signs bill allowing use of cannabis oil. Haleigh Cox, 5
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway.
Three security personnel are injured in a third attack on a checkpoint in Rafah. The attacks
Carolina Sandretto is a photographer from Italy. She captures the crumbling buildings that many Cub
The Senate passes a Medicare reform bill 92-8. The bill includes a permanent solution to
Roxy Walsh found a ring lodged in rocks at Finns Beach in Bali. The
Parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons. Under new policy, exemption as
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro are meeting in Panama. Julian Zelizer:
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies. U.S
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open chess Tournament. Officials
P!nk posted a photo of herself wearing a black dress to a cancer benefit this
Tulsa World: Report says Tulsa County deputy qualified to be a reserve deputy. Robert Bates killed
Auction house removed 24 lots of items from its April 17 sale. items were made by Japanese
Donald Sterling's ex-girlfriend sued V. Stiviano for $2.6 million
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending injury. He and
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. The former NFL star
Jason Rezaian is accused of economic spying. He and his wife have been held since
Two al Qaeda leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January. Peter Bergen: The
The United Nations Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis. The Houth
The girl was detained at Cape Town International Airport. She was using technology to contact strange people
TV5Monde's 11 channels went black late Wednesday. The network also temporarily lost control
Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges. The
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates says he mistook a Taser for a stun gun. Bates
An online community has joined the Durban protests against xenophobia. The march follows recent attacks
A third person has been arrested in the case of a Florida gang rape videotaped on Panama
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. 131
Vin Diesel said "Furious 7" will probably win best picture at the Oscars. Some
The explosion happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front doorway. 11 people
Zack Snyder's "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer leaked online on Thursday
Tampa police officer and case worker help with a stolen driver's license and Social Security card.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is accused of trying to kill a rival doctor. Mosche
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College. He
Remains of up to 400 service members tied to the USS Oklahoma will be exhumed
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described the Yarmouk refugee camp
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected of being the "mastermind" behind the deadly attack on
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" in a speech on Sunday. He was asked
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked her last fashion-show runway this week in her
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef. The airport has
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday. The Vikings suspended
Tulsa County deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect. Robert
Jonathan Crombie co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies
Robert Bates' lawyer says he verify training. Bates had one Taser training class over a
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were deported from their homes.
Douglas Rushkoff: Andreas Lubitz, co-pilot on Germanwings, had
Ravi Agrawal: 80% of women in Mumbai have been street harassed. Ag
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. The tour will hit "the only
Michelle MacLaren is leaving " Wonder Woman" The movie is still set for release on
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script
Etan Patz went missing in 1979. His photo was on milk cartons. Pedro
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud pleads not guilty to federal charges. He
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26. All the national parks that charge a fee
The Bay Area is dealing with a housing crisis, says Ben Jealous. Jealous:
The public outrage over the "religious freedom" bill caught the governors of those states completely off
Julian Zelizer: Democrats are planning to take on the big issue of economic inequality. Zel
A Columbia University investigation found Rolling Stone's disastrous rape story was a mistake. LZ Grand
Jon Cryer re-creates the scene from "Try a Little Tenderness"
Debra Lobo was shot in the right cheek and left arm. She is expected to
Thursday marks three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. But there
Ines Dumig is the focus of her photo series " Apart Together" She met refugee
Two Delaware boys are in a coma, their lawyer says. The family was airlifted
Mario Valencia, 36, was taken to a hospital after a police car slammed into him.
Jarret Stoll is a L.A. Kings player. He was arrested at the
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home. The vast majority of the
Maggie Doyne is raising children in Nepal. She is also raising more than 50 children
Britt McHenry is suspended for one week after a video of her berating a towing
Dr. Sanjay Gupta is investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. He says
Tom Brady: "You inspire me every day to be a better person" Gisele
Davion Navar Henry Only was 6 when he decided to become a parent. He borrowed
"Africa opened its doors and became a home away from home for many South Africans,"
Group of six men ages 19 to 21 were arrested in Minneapolis. They were planning to join
Jason Warnock spotted a tree hanging from a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho. He got
American dancer left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years
Timothy Bouldry takes photos of the Boragaon landfill in India. The stork
Africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent. Nigeria is now
Lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala.
J.J. Abrams: "You're more than fans. You're family" The
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer. She was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel
Two Tulsa deputies reassigned because of threats against them and their families, sheriff says. They
Chancey Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of a college
Japan's nuclear watchdog had given green light to restart two reactors. But locals successfully petitioned
ISIS has been using the killing of civilians by the U.S. to justify its Iraq
President Barack Obama hosted a roundtable discussion on climate change. The President said the environment has
Chad Pregracke is the founder of Living Lands & Waters. He has collected more
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter. He said he meant to
Gov. Mary Fallin signs bill allowing state to perform executions with nitrogen gas. Nitrogen
Dr. Mark O'Mara says doctors in Florida and Arizona are often donning white
The explosion killed 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a government spokesman says. The
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. Aaron Carroll
Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery. ISIS claimed it controlled part of
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were killed in Bonney Lake
Second robot sent into crippled nuclear plant captured green glow. TEPCO says green glow suggests
American Pharmacies Association opposes its members from participating in executions. The group says such activities are
Two survivors are arrested on suspicion of human trafficking, an official says. Two survivors are questioned
Russian TV Rain channel says it didn't want to break law banning "propaganda of nont
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu. A woman
Daisy Bentley has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Italy cut back the naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril. The argument about
Gulf crab is a crucial species of crab that can't survive oil spill. Research shows changes
Mexico says it followed proper protocol. The ship was detained after it ran aground off the
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of killing four people in the Boston Marathon bombing. Peter
Heather Mack, 19, was found guilty with her boyfriend, 21-year-old Tommy
Asiana Airlines plane overran runway while landing at Hiroshima Airport. 23 people were injured,
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch onstage at Coache
Brazil's Gisele Bundchen says she wants to spend more time with her family.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was
Mount Everest is resuming climbing season after a deadly avalanche last year. The route through Kh
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial is being held in Boston. Four young people have been
Bishop Robert Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. He was
YouTuber Bobby Burns is making a video using classic footage. He says he wanted to
"The Americans" is one of the best series on TV. "Vikings"
"Fantastic Four" trailer comes out on Monday. Chris Pratt stars in the new
The ACMs celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night at the Dallas Cowboys stadium. Eric
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act. Stev
Author of 2006 novel claims "Avengers" director Drew Goddard stole his idea. J
Carey is working on a new Christmas movie. She was the queen of the 1990s.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for "Tron 3" The pair
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12. He "gave up without the
Pope Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the
Seattle native Tim Durken photographed the sunset warming the city's skyline. The stunning sunsets
Food and Drug Administration's website includes the official report for the recalled product. The report will
Danny Cevallos: It's important to have your blood tested every three months.
A mountain bike was stolen from a road junction in Shenzhen, southern Guandong province
Indonesian government summoned the Saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry. The execution follows the death of S
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott drank a glass of beer in seven seconds. His feat of swift
Three British nationals arrested in UAE after plane spotting are to be released Monday. The three have
Boko Haram militants kill at least 16 civilians in Cameroon, a military spokesman says. The last
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
The tablet was engraved on the back in Spanish and Italian. proceeds will go to a school
UKIP leader Nigel Farage challenges Polish prince to a duel over immigration policy. Prince Jan Zyl
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world. Italy's historic sites
Copenhagen's beer-maker Carlsberg City to become a city. The beer-maker
The fire grew to more than 10 times its size within 24 hours. High temperatures and gust
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from Le Borgne, Haiti, on Wednesday night
Andres Figueroa photographed religious festivals in Chile's Atacama Desert. The
"What Pet Should I Get?" is a new Dr. Seuss book. The book
Boston Marathon runners begin their exhausting run Monday. LZ Granderson: Boston Marathon tragedy taught
CNN's Jeff Zeleny says Hillary Clinton is a big fan of President Obama's health care
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings.
drummer Philip Rudd pleads guilty to threatening to kill charge. Rudd fired employees after his solo
U.S.-Iranian relations are not symmetrical, says U.S. writer
Paul Waldman: New York, Washington have helped fight HIV, hepatitis C infections. States
Erika Langhart was 24 when she died in August 2012. She had been using
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. The last time a new glass
Three Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping. Three others were also convicted of attempted
The prosecution portrayed Aaron Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure. The defense says prosecutors failed to
Best was best known for his role as bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane
Torrey Ward and Aaron Leetch both worked at Illinois State. The plane went down about
Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost says artist Dave Poulin asked for $
Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war, with Kenya and Al-Shaba
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah, a senior
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. "We
"Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" is a documentary on his life.
UNICEF says 16 tons of supplies meant to help Yemen's innocents arrived in Sana
Canadian jets strike ISIS' de facto capital, Raqqa. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced plans
Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder. He was a police officer for five
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. The storm system also brought destructive
New Zealand's prime minister apologizes after waitress complained about him pulling her ponytail. Woman
Sammy Griner, 8, needs a kidney transplant. His mom created a GoFundMe
Two suspects remain in custody. The suspects were associates of a slain police officer.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial in Massachusetts for killing Odin Lloyd. Prosecutors call him the "mus
Britt McHenry was suspended for a week by ESPN for comments about a towing company worker
Alfred Taubman helped popularize upscale indoor shopping malls. He died Friday at the age
A University of Washington scientist has been studying the blob for months. The blob is a huge
island of Tristan da Cunha is holding competition to improve infrastructure. Island is home
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood
The Ottoman Turks were worried Armenians in the Ottoman Empire would offer wartime assistance to Russia.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. His family asked that he don
Clinton will once again seek the Democratic Party's nomination for president. Wall Street elites are ready
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg
Cambodia's capital, Phnom Penh, fell to the Khmer Rouge regime in 1979
Eritreans and Syrians make up half the migrant traffic to Europe last year. The "
"A terrorist attack has been foiled," French President Francois Hollande says. A 24-
Valerie Braham lost her husband in a Paris terror attack. She says she feels at home
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
Penelope Cruz will star in the upcoming sequel to 2001 film "Zoolander 2"
Saudi Arabia launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen. Saudi officials say Houthis have degraded
Adam Gadahn was a prominent member of al Qaeda. He was a well-known member
North Korea is blamed for a 2013 cyberattack that paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at
Hillary Clinton and Chris Christie have both made mistakes in the past few weeks. Julian Zelizer
Hugh Rodham was buried there in 1993. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video. The family was at Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's family arrives in Boston for sentencing. The prosecution is trying to
WWF report: World's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. Eric Liu: Health
Saudi intervention in Yemen is the moment Iran woke up to repel the expansion of Shia-
Italy has seen a surge of refugees this year, usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels
Peter Bergen, Steven Tisdall: U.S. is failing its partners,
Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the
A SkyWest Airlines flight makes an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. The passenger received
New Orleans City Council passed a ban against smoking in most places in January. Bar owners are
Indonesian government orders preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. The 10 inmates were
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. She received threatened
Scott Kelley, 50, was arrested at the Atlanta airport. Kelley is accused of kidnapping Gene
Varvara crossed the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the United States to Mexico
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line when they
The five women were detained in China last month. The United States had urged China to free
President Obama's Clean Power Plan is biased against nuclear power, says Andrew Hammond. Hammond:
Army Gen. Allen Batschelet says obesity is a national security issue. He says
Dr. Michael Kinsman: Girl Scout cookies are delicious, but it's dangerous to
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee at a tow
Danny Cevallos: bench warrant for failing to appear in court isn't a crime
Sally Kohn: Hillary Clinton's hormones make her irrational about running for president. She says
President Obama said he would engage in the Middle East but preserve all U.S. capabilities
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris, a police officer, with a Taser.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video features 38 women, including 20 of them women. Julian Zelizer
Marco Rubio is running for the Republican presidential nomination. Ruben Navarrette: Rubio's
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, was visiting family in Texas, Hollywood Reporter reports. He was
NFL investigating why Patriots balls were underinflated. New England Patriots have been the subject
Thieves gained access to vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. through elevator shaft. They
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. The call
Sofia Vergara is playing defense in a legal battle initiated by her ex-f
The 2010 Macondo spill killed 11 workers and left many dead. BP says the Gulf of
Kenyans arrest five suspects in connection with attack at Garissa University. Official: Ken
Italian authorities say they have launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation" against al Qaeda
The dress was worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "
African car enthusiasts are creating eco-friendly concepts. The "ABUCAR 2" runs
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's " youngest billionaire" He started the Mara Group in
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. Brazil's
Hillary Clinton's campaign focus will be on foreign policy. Julian Zelizer: Clinton's tenure
Hillary Clinton will make her campaign official. The President is headed to Panama for a regional summit
The Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the National Geology and Mining Service
Drinking is considered a way to get to know what a Korean is really like. Koreans always
Indiana Gov. Mike Guardiola issues executive order to extend public health emergency. As of Tuesday,
America leads the world in incarceration, not education, says Andrew Hammond. Hammond: We spend
Jake Tapper is the host of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the
Saudi Arabia announced the end of its airstrikes on Houthi positions on Tuesday. Saudi Arabia and
"I'm trapped in this plane," a call from a ramp agent tells air traffic control
The five activists were detained in three Chinese cities. They were detained days ahead of International Women
Hillary Clinton's campaign was all about movement, says Julian Zelizer. Reframing is
The United States is ready to step up to the plate on climate change, says Michael K
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent
Kagoshima District Court rejects a petition to delay reactivation of two reactors. The decision
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years. She says she was
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad" The film is
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized the so-called "fast track" trade authority.
Peter Bergen: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial is just start; what do he
Frank Miller returns to his best-known story. The " Dark Knight Returns" trilogy is
Five nursing students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah. The young women
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes,
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," a juror tells CNN
Senior U.S. official: U.S. made no serious effort to negotiate for
FDA hearing is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help the FDA regulate home
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 25% of its prisoners in prison
John F. Kennedy and his wife, Kelly, share belief that the U.S.
"You're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded," says passenger.
Warren Weinstein was taken hostage by al Qaeda in 2011. His family paid money to his capt
The cases have all occurred in Ondo state since April 13. The World Health Organization
Archaeologists have found more than 80 Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico. The
North Korean officials have confirmed Kim Jong Un will be in Moscow for Victory Day celebrations. This
Australia's role in the first world war boils down to a simple equation: young (white
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted and killed in 2012. He was working on a reconstruction project
Benjamin Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin's Jerusalem home. "I
Sandra Mackey died Sunday at age 77. She was an undercover reporter working for U.
The quake was caused by a slip on a fault, the U.S. Geological Survey
FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired threat in the United States. The investigation originated from
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance. She was
Patrick Dempsey played Dr. Derek Shepherd on "Grey's Anatomy" He died after a
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of killing Odin Lloyd in 2013. Aaron Hernandez was a football star
Armenia's prime minister says Turkey's Ottoman rulers carried out a "monpora crime" Turks
Fethiye Cetin was 9 when she was taken away from her family by
On April 24, the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide is marked. CNN's John
African investors are bringing to London the best of the continent. They mainly come from just six
Bruce Jenner announced he is transgender on ABC's Diane Sawyer. His family and friends have called
Oskar Gröning was convicted of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews
ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions, but for some communities, it's the local
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
Protesters say they're looking for answers about Freddie Gray's death. Baltimore Police Union attorney says
The 14-year-old was arrested in Blackburn, Lancashire, on terror-
The epicenter of the quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, making
Danielle and Adam Busby are the first all-female quintuplets born in the U
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical
Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds file suit against the FDA. They say the FDA
YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces," a Tokyo-area studio that makes high quality videos
"The Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after
"Kylie Jenner" trend has been trending on Twitter. Surgeon says it can
Richard Corliss was " perhaps the magazine's most quoted writer of all time," Time
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner apologized for comments they made about Black Widow. The pair said
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose
Marvel's "Dierce" premiered its first season on Netflix on Tuesday. The show focuses
Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" David Ayer
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic. The project is tent
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s
Show creator David Chase revealed the reasoning behind each scene. Chase: "The tension is quite
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris. Bates
Four men from GEM Farms in Schodack, New York, were on the scene
Champion died in November 2011 after a hazing ritual. He was beaten on a school bus
Cathay Pacific says it will cooperate with authorities. The flight was canceled after one of the
Hundreds have been confirmed dead in Nepal after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake. Many are
Budae-jjigae is a Korean dish of canned, precooked meat. Anthony
full screening of airport employees would not lower overall security risk, report says. TSA Secretary Je
The Justice Department has updated its policy on the U.S. no-fly list.
Betty Whitehead Willis died over the weekend. She was 91. Her work was iconic in
Four rainbows stretch across the sky in the early morning sky in New York. In rural
Anthony Doerr's novel "All the Light We satir See" wins Pulitzer for fiction.
"Big Hero 6" fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the
A Catholic Reads the Bible, which is on sale this week. The book, "
Mark Goodacre: The Gospel of Mary Magdalene is not actually called "The Gospel
Fast-food outlet Burger King will pay for Joel Burger and Ashley King's July wedding.
Vijay Chokal- Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into
Police pulled up to overturned convertible, pinned it unconscious, and start CPR. They cut seat
President Barack Obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by
John Sutter asks readers to vote on what a 2-degree world might look like.
Sen. John Thune: America needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental
Hillary Clinton is running for the U.S. Senate seat she was in in New York
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve same-sex
Nine of ten foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia given 72 hours notice ahead of execution.
"The Big Bang Theory" returns for a season finale. "Blue Bloods" concludes
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race. One person
The base camp on the Everest side is in a vulnerable spot, sitting in a valley surrounded
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight
Two males have been charged in the beating of a man. The beating was caught on surveillance
CNN's Ingrid Formanek traveled to Nepal to find people living in tents in the
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at funerals is an increasingly common practice.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team is fighting to avoid the death penalty. "There
Ali Addeh refugee camp in Eritrea is the first stop on the U.N
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East. From Friday
Nepalese families are camped out, silent and patiently waiting, but for now abandoned
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder. CNN spoke with
Lil Wayne's tour bus was shot multiple times, police say. No arrests have been made
India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and
Family's message was to have no protest, no demonstration. But rioters flinging rocks
A woman is seen pulling her son from a crowd and screaming at him. She is seen
Texas A&M Galveston professor tells strategic management students they are a disgrace. Irwin
Arthur Baldwin, 29, is assigned to the Foreignpora Branch of the Secret Service. He
The death toll in Nepal now stands at 4,620, official says. The death toll
Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, is just 30 kilometers east of the capital. The
Nigerian troops rescue 200 girls and 93 women in Sambisa Forest. Official: None of
Nepali Pranksters were filming for a hidden camera series when the earthquake hit. The
South Korean Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offers to resign amid political scandal. Park Ge
Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of a British journalist's interview.
Sonit Awal was buried in the rubble of the earthquake. His father had lost all
Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger. Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an
Ten people were arrested in Swat, a Pakistani army spokesman says. The conviction and sentences
The mission is only the third of its kind to reach Melamchi since the quake.
Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search
Australia and Indonesia have common interests, but relations are less so with Canberra. Indonesia's President
Australia is appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran
Baltimore police handed Freddie Gray's death report over to prosecutors. No reports will be made public
German police arrest a man and a woman in Oberursel, near Frankfurt. The couple
Pemba Tamang, 15, was buried under a collapsed building for five days.
Marilyn Mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States. She
Kim Jong-un is a former sex slave of the Japanese army. She says she was
Native American actors say the script insulting to Native Americans and women. Adam Sandler co-
Shinzo Abe is scheduled to address the entire U.S. Congress. Peter Bergen:
CNN cameraman parades ISIS flags in valley near Kabul, Afghanistan. Afghan President Ashraf
Gabriel Salvador was offered a "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing:
"I'm not comfortable with it," a Fulton County Superior Court judge says of the sentences
Olivia Munn will play the teleanse Psylocke in the follow-up to "
Indianapolis police to change uniform for command staff. blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones
South Africa is dealing with a wave of anti-immigrant violence. Many immigrants are afraid to
Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Iran to photograph gay refugees. She hopes to spark
Hawkeye is a super-talent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies. He
Marion "Suge" Knight is charged with murder in a fatal hit-and-run
The Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning. The ceremony will be held on June 7.
Jared Leto plays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" Twitter users put
Jay Z defended his new music streaming service at a press conference last month. He used the
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with Monty Python to recreate "Galaxy Song" from 1983 film
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for
Diana's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over. Diana's name
As of today, 70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world
Iran's Revolutionary Guard is training, supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. Iran
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his gender issue
Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president. Julian Zelizer: He's a progressive,
LZ Granderson: The Miami riots were the first major "race riots" since the
Julian Zelizer: It's time for liberals to look local. He says the key to
CNN's Katia Gahran was in Kathmandu when the earthquake hit. G
Photographer Fabien Le Coq is a freelance graphic designer. He uses his freedom to travel
FBI: domestic terror threats range from white supremacist to anti-government extremists. FBI: When
Mui Thomas was adopted by Tina and Rog Thomas when she was three. She suffers from
Hundreds of bodies were found in the streets of Damasak, northeastern Nigeria. The town
Freedom Day is celebrated as the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities have not been consulted. He says military
Prosecutor Javier de Luca drops the case against President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner.
Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. Five years
Shinzo Abe has been vague about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia. He has
Russian spacecraft will not be docking, Russian agency says. Progress resupply vehicle will begin
NATO says Russia's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises. The games
Israeli military says it targeted militants trying to plant bomb on Israeli border. Three of the alleged
Jean Rappetch was a "overweight housewife obsessed with cookies" She lost 72 pounds
5-year-old Doberman ate three watches, other items last week. She
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Rive
Anamarie Shreeves makes almost no waste. She says she is inspired by a
A Singapore teen has a birthday challenge. She makes 10 possible dates. The Internet has offered
Kate Parker shot her girls daily to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition. The girls have
Chief justice faces a crossroads in a historic case. He dissented in a key Supreme
Nepal earthquake is about 40% larger than the 7.8 magnitude currently being reported. This
Ben Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times
adults are buying books for themselves, and a book club is selling a number of coloring titles
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, a study says.
Cassandra C., as she is identified in court documents, was ordered into custody of the state
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement during the Masters. He did it while maintaining a stable low
Roseanne Barr says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. The
Study: acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion catcher. Study authors
Roseanne Barr, 62, has macular degeneration and glaucoma, two
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription contraceptive called Opana. The outbreak has been
CDC: 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens. CDC
Nepal's most renowned pagodas crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. But the
Crater of Diamonds State Park is the only public site in the world where anyone can
LZ Granderson: Some blame the Ferguson riots on police brutality. He says Baltimore's
North Korea's young leader was due to be in Moscow for celebrations next week. But Russia
Photographer Ken Hermann spent 10 days at a wholesale flower market for his "Flower Man
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg claims he ruined race
Irwin Horwitz sent a letter to his Galveston students threatening to fail his entire class
A Tokyo department store is testing out robots to replace humans for certain jobs. Aiko Ch
Leslie Morris' petition seeking to be named Mitchell's conservator is filed April 28. Mitchell
Richard dysart was a noted TV and film character actor. He was a noted TV character
E! will release a new documentary series about Jenner's transition to woman. The eight-
Baltimore police say rioting started Monday afternoon amid rumors of a "purge" The term
CNN's Kristie Luft is in Kathmandu, Nepal, to see the injured
Peter Bergen, Michael Kofman: Obama's approach to radical Islam is not a
Tanka Maya Sitoula was rescued by an Indian team. She says she was confident
Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12, but died a week later. Police release a detailed
LZ Granderson: Corinthian colleges are failing to keep students' loans accountable. He
Cecily Strong of "Saturday Night Live" hosted the White House Correspondents' Association dinner
Hillary Clinton is expected to face questions about foreign donors to Clinton charities. Julian Zelizer:
Miami police say insider luggage thefts are down, but not all are due to airport workers.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of a World War II anniversary visit to Moscow, a Kremlin
Christopher Scarver was convicted of killing Jeffrey Dahmer and another inmate in 1994. Scarver
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States
A Chinese car buyer is auctioning license plates for a $13,000 price. The
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic (as before)," says
Venezuelan man, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy. He was the last person to
Google's Waze app uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams,
Andrew Lesnie, the Oscar-winning cinematographer, dies at 59. He co
Lilienstein co-starred with "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show
Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay. He was a No
Percy Sledge died of natural causes, the coroner says. His first and biggest hit
Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake welcomed their son, Silas. The couple announced the
Lifetime is greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story" The telepic will be produced
"Avengers: Infinity War Parts 1 and 2" is the third highest-gross
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment in the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on " Ordinary Lies" and "Cor
Researchers surveyed the wreck last month using an underwater drone. The USS Independence was scuttled
Southwest Airlines offers the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of
Loretta Lynch is sworn in as attorney general Monday. She will lead a Department that has
Mexican authorities say the girl was taken illegally from Texas. DNA tests show she is not related
Supreme Court heard oral arguments on same-sex marriage. David Perry: Court has evolved from
Koch Industries removed from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions. John Av
Tennis legend Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland
Four rainbows stretched across the New York sky on Tuesday. One woman snapped the photo,
Gulnaz was 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband. She was jailed
Kabul is full of Taliban fighters, but many are still angry and afraid of the violence.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe created a fresh perspective of war and conflict in Western Sahara.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after being taken into police custody. His family says police
Toya Graham says she was worried about embarrassing her son. She says she was there to
Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago. His lawyers say he made up his account of
James Holmes is on trial for the 2012 shooting death of 12 people. He says he was
Mike Downey: boxing is a sport that has fallen precipitously since its 20th
migrant tells investigators 950 people were saved from the sinking ship. Malta's Prime Minister says smugglers
Japan's space agency announced Monday that it would put an unmanned rover on the moon by 2018
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran. The ships could
Creflo Dollar says devil is trying to discredit him in regards to his campaign to buy a
President Barack Obama is refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. He credits
Kurdish separatists fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers, CNN Turk reports. Turkish Prime
Indonesian court rejects appeal by Australian drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions. Andrew Chan and My
The crash happened near the city of Tan- broaden, near the country's Atlantic coast.
Geologists have found magma in a magma reservoir at Yellowstone. The discovery could help
President Nicolas Maduro says he will give the mango to Olivo. She says she wanted to
Six survivors of the Paris kosher siege are suing a French media outlet. They say it endanger
Azlin Alias, former ambassador to the U.S., Jamaluddin Jarjis
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather Benjamin
Peter Bergen: U.S. drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage on Afghanistan
The Washington Redskins' trademark fight against their name was over trademark. Peter Bergen: This
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago. Saudi officials say they
A ramp agent was discovered in the cargo hold of an Alaska Airlines flight. He was taken
Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, is on lockdown. The suspected gunman
smuggler in Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees. The
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai has created a house with water in its roof. The
Italian navy retakes control of fishing boat seized off Sicily. Boat carrying three Sicilians
Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Dodgers and the Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public
Houthi rebels call for peace talks. Saudi-led coalition launched airstrikes on Houthi positions
Wisconsin Badgers beat Wisconsin 71-64 in NCAA Final Four. Frank Kaminsky leads Wisconsin
Jerome R. Hunt, 54, is in custody, a Secret Service source says. Hunt
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are children who have been set aside"
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent ruling to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
Attacks have killed at least six people this week. They started after a man said foreigners should
Mohamed Mohamud is in charge of external operations against Kenya, the Interior Ministry says.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police in Baltimore, Maryland, on April 12. Danny Cev
Afghan police chief: Afghan soldier opened fire on U.S. troops as they were leaving
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's team up for beer campaign. beer inspired
Crough played Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family" She played
Cissy Houston says Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage" She
Mercury is about 93 million miles from the sun. Mercury's closeness to the sun makes
Experts say the spate of beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of
Iran's military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media. "I
Baltimore's Camden cone game against the Sox was postponed due to "ongoing public safety issues
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone. boat people have
James Oatway captured the attack in Johannesburg's Alexandra Township. He says the attackers
Falih Essawi says ISIS militants are still advancing east of Ramadi. ISIS militants have
Darren Wilson: Officer Michael Slager charged with murder for shooting unarmed black man in the back
Dr. Oz is being criticized for pushing "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist
Beatriz Paez says she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal walked
Nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth for too long, says N
Scientists say brines could form on Mars at night. They say the temperature and humidity conditions
North Korea is in the headlines again, according to a Wall Street Journal report. Peter Ber
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych in the Monte Carlo Masters final. The
New York state health officials issue a health alert for synthetic marijuana use. More than 160 patients
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging. He and 13 others were arrested in a
Michael Kofman: Police brutality is not new or reflective of a "moment"
draft script found in filing cabinet in school district where "The Breakfast Club" was filmed.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The comedy was
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala. The
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should make
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. Maria Card
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart
Gao Yu was convicted of revealing state secrets. She immediately said she would appeal.
myopia rates have doubled in most of East Asia over the last 40 years. Myopia
Hillary Clinton's official announcement went viral. Social media responded with terms like "Hillary Clinton"
Helicopters are called to free climbers stuck in the mountains. The climbers are rescued from
Swedish prosecutors will now have to ask British and Ecuadorian authorities for permission to conduct the interview
Two TSA officers have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say. The
Douglas Rushkoff: FAA gave him a permit to fly a plane through the airspace.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed, Iran
New medical technology could be the key to eradicating worldwide polio. It's been 60 years
$16 million center to include senior citizen apartments, community center. Community center burned to ground
New NYPD training materials submitted to federal judge for approval. training materials include directives to "not
U.S. officials say it is too risky to evacuate Americans from Yemen. U.
Saudi jets bombing Yemen in support of a "Yemeni constitution and elections," says Peter
China's auto show opens this week in Shanghai, China. The only models on display will
The last "Late Show with David Letterman" will air on May 20. The last
Thailand's military rulers have insisted that such restrictive measures are needed to maintain stability. Human Rights
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. Former NFL star is convicted of
Baltimore police chief says he was heartbroken by the violence and shootings. He says police are
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds. Three men
LZ Granderson: Baltimore rioting is about the root causes of the violence, not
Annastasia W. is training for her first Ironman half-triathlon this summer
Bob Greene recalls the day he was told to do something on the new president. He says
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see a candidate who works for the middle class.
Hillary Clinton releases a low-key video about her run for the White House. Clinton is
Hillary Clinton is running for president for the third term in a row. Julian Zelizer:
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft will soon beaming back more information about Pluto. The spacecraft will
Baltimore businesses are banding together to show their support for the city. "We shut down
University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau disrespected veterans
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S
ISIS and Boko Haram have a strategy beyond the battlefield, says Peter Bergen. ISIS is
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell
Pope Francis will stop in Washington, New York and Philadelphia in September. The Pope played a
A&E, Lifetime and History remaking "Roots" miniseries. The
ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power, says Andrew Hammond. ISIS
Search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is set to double in size. Teams are sc
The "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics. The
Scientists have known about Neanderthal man since 1993. He fell into cave, then died in
Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage on Tuesday. David Perry: Court has
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a new DC Super Hero Girls. The
Henry Louis Gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary. Julian
Officer Michael Slager was pulled over for driving while black, says police report. He says
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, CNN's John Sutter asks:
SpaceX hopes to land a Falcon 9 rocket upright on a platform in the Atlantic Ocean. The
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo
James Holmes is on trial for the 2012 shooting death of 12 people. He has pleaded not
CNN's Kristie Luftwaffe was sent to Aden to tell the refugees they'd
CNN's Kristie Luftman lost her job in Dubai last year. She decided to
Dr. Michael Kofman says medical marijuana is legal in many parts of the country.
Putin says sanctions against Iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation's economy. "Iran
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who call his Columbia University
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen
Baltimore mom who pulled son from riot was hailed as a hero. But author says she was
National Weather Service tweets tornadoes could have been a tornado. Storms hit the area Sunday
Alexis Keslar tried to fend off a bee, police say. 18-month-old
The death toll in Nepal stands at 3,218, a government official says. The number
The driver of the car was pronounced dead at the scene. Petty Holdings says it is offering
"If Iran cheats," Obama says. "The stakes are very high," Secretary of
"All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth: Iceman is
Hong Kong's chief secretary says a proposed proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls the executions "cruel and unnecessary" Both men had been
Civil War battle saw Union general surrender 28,000 troops to Confederate Gen. Robert E.
Two teens, 18 and 19, have been released. The men were targeting a ceremony on
transgender people are stepping into mainstream consciousness. The term "transgender" is an umbrella term
Lee Min-bok sends thousands of copies of "The Interview" across the border from
A Catholic Reads the Bible this week. This week, I'll cover the Book of
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo. McDonnell
The James Webb Space Telescope is scheduled to launch in October 2018. It will be able to
Officer Michael Rapiejko hit Mario Valencia with his patrol car. He told investigators he
Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has used technology to create
CNN's Dan Rivers traveled to Sicily to join 117 migrants who arrived in Italy. Many of
Czech politician Vit Jedl Gian has declared Liberland a tiny sliver of a country bigger
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the world. Experts are scrambling
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. Retail sales more than
Taliban denies group was behind the attack.
The 4-month-old girl was taken to a Las Vegas hospital, police say.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of killing an 8-year-old boy and injuring
20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were killed in southeastern India. The police claimed self-
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott. A video shows
The two shootings bear only mild resemblance. The backlash and publicity of the Ferguson shooting influence the
Boston prosecutors release video of the shooting of a police officer. Officer John Moynihan was
Tulsa County Deputy Robert Bates shot Eric Courtney Harris after he tried to sell an illegal handgun.
Two audio recordings of Michael Slager's phone call with his wife are released. Slager
Tulsa County DA: Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence.
Marana police chief says police were justified in using deadly force. Officer who hit suspect with
The attack in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, authorities said. "There
Muslims threw 12 passengers overboard because they were Christians, police say. The 12 who died were
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Damani Terry was killed in a car accident, police say. His family had identified the
NEW: EU ministers propose 10-point plan to help address the crisis. NEW: EU
Baltimore police release names of six officers involved in Freddie Gray arrest. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-
Freddie Gray died one week after being arrested for resisting arrest. Gray is far from the only
Two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. Protesters are upset over the apparent
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan
The City of Cairo was sunk in November 1942 by a German U-boat. The ship
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Tickets for rings
NPR ran a piece on the unrest in the wake of the death of Freddie Gray. Dean
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others at a Colorado movie theater.
Robert Boardwine was technically a sperm donor. He was a sperm donor. He was a
Jordan Spieth is the second-youngest winner of the Masters after Tiger Woods. The
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her students. She says students sometimes
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI
Vegas hosts world-class horse showjumping for sixth time since 2000. More than 80
Japan's bullet train sets new world record for speed. train spent 10.8 seconds traveling
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. Anurad
Voodoo Tacos has teamed up with the University of Nebraska to shoot tacos into the stands
Jody Farley-Berens helped more than 300 parents in the Phoenix area.
Chad Bernstein is helping at-risk kids through his nonprofit, GuIRED Over Guns. Bernstein
Public Religion Research Institute: Less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans support gays' and lesbians
Israeli couple had tickets to Nepal for surrogate mother's birth from a surrogate mother. Ronen
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has ordered the execution of 15 senior officials so far this year
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use. John Sutter: This
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued Thursday from his disabled boat. "I thought I lost
Kim Lee: Japan must apologize for its "comfort women" Lee: "They deserve the
In the U.S., almost 42 million adults have been married more than once, says
Chile's Calbuco Volcano has already erupted twice this week. The volcano has spewed
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started smoking marijuana and using heroin. He was a
Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury after running out of fuel. NASA says it will be studying
ISIS has many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules, fishing methods and rent disputes
Justice Anthony Kennedy is considered a key vote for challengers to gay marriage bans. Kennedy says the
Saudi airstrikes hit a military base in southwestern Yemen, officials say. Three students were killed at
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
Italy's Guardia di Finanza patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, just 70 miles
The death toll from the quake is expected to rise. The quake struck near the capital of
Erica Kinsman says she was raped by Jameis Winston in December 2012.
Joseph Kent was arrested after a curfew was put in place in Baltimore. He was released from
Taylor Swift revealed her mom has cancer. The singer did not divulge the nature or severity
Sarah Brady pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was a top official in Saddam Hussein's regime.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of
Kenya's deputy president says he has discussed with the U.N. about moving Somali refugees
Guenter Grass is best known for his novel "The Tin Drum" He was 87.
Bikram Choudhury says he wants to set the record straight. He says
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the public on live television. Putin has held forth on
Activists scale huge platform in Pacific Ocean. They plan to occupy underside of rig's main
Obama and Castro met at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders convening in Panama
The Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel
Gray was not buckled in a seat belt, police say. He was not buckled
The five activists were detained in three cities. They were planning a campaign against sexual harassment on
SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket carrying a cargo spacecraft called Dragon. The company hopes to land
Emma Sulkowicz is suing Columbia University for discrimination. She says she was made to feel
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in Baltimore. He "gave up without the
Nepal is still recovering from two major quakes and a mudslide. There are a
Concerns China could match U.S. underwater capabilities in near future. U.S
Officer Michael Slager fatally shot Walter Scott as Scott ran away. Officer Slager was fired
Detroit police chief resigns after police chief steps down. William Melendez, 49, is
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees. The militants
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change" in Sao Paulo.
Ben Kacyra is a non-profit company that specializes in digital preservation of historic and
Yuhei Takashima says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women.
Walter Scott was shot eight times by a North Charleston police officer. A witness who shot cell
Pappy Van Winkle was one of the rarest and most expensive hurbons in the
Jon Reiter says 17 people have been killed on the mountain. He says he has been
Obama and Castro meet for the first time in more than 50 years. The two leaders are
World Happiness Report: Switzerland, Switzerland, Iceland, Iceland, Iceland all make top 10.
Walter Scott was fatally shot by a North Charleston police officer. A family attorney says the officer
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy. The
ISIS has executed two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians. The Ethiopian government confirmed
A U.S. congressman says there's a larger narrative about Christian persecution by militant groups
Mohamed Morsy was convicted of murder in the deaths of protesters. He stood trial with
The church was set alight in August 2013. The church was one of at least 42
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. The former NFL star
Edwin Sabuhoro was a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park. He
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus. Hollywood has been trying to make its
Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even
Chris Brown: Record stores are dying, but they're still a growing breed. He says
The work of Ernst Haas is often lumped in with the promotional machinery. Haas was a
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. Bates was involved
Fatu Kekula was diagnosed with Ebola eight months ago. She is now learning nursing
Ben and Shelby Offrink were raising two children when life suddenly turned upside down. Shelby
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. The Cleveland
Freddie Gray's sister says she is profoundly disappointed by the violence. 12 people are arrested,
laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification. Laser is
Peshmerga commander says 217 Yazidis were released. The group had been held captive since last
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is charged with conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale
CNN's Sanjay Gupta helped perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a
The Dark Knight's Batman suit is made from a mold of his head. The suit is
U.S. prosecutions of ISIS recruits have exploded. The arrests are a sign that the
The death toll from the quake is expected to rise. CNN's Manesh Shrestha
Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered. Families of the missing soldiers had been demanding
Rishi Khanal was rescued after a French team found him under the rubble. He was
Mary Jane Veloso, a maid and mother of two, was put to death by firing
More than 100 people were arrested in New York, police say. "Philly is Baltimore
NEW: Nine arrested in Denver. NEW: More than 60 people are arrested in Denver.
Gaeliel Oduwole is a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother. She is
France is a long-term ally of the U.S. and its founding fathers.
Nepalese government still trying to get aid to survivors affected by disaster. Relief organizations say
The ACLU of Southern California says it is "deeply troubled" by the images. The
The Sewol ferry sank in April 2014, killing 202 people. The ferry remains on the
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of
Katie Donovan met Dalton Prager, a young boy with cystic fibrosis, on Facebook
Iraqi Christians have been fleeing civil war with ISIS. They form a militia called Dwekh
Two women win their wards in Ferguson to make the city 50% black. The city is
Pope Francis says genocide " struck your own Armenian people" The use of the word "gen
Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder. Walter Scott, 50, is
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are
The nationwide recall is voluntary. So far, no illnesses have been reported from the hummus
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria, activists report
ISIS fighters seize several districts in Ramadi, an Iraqi provincial official says. At least 10
Iraqi troops take back control of Tikrit. Officials fear ISIS will take reprisals.
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for President. Julian Zelizer: We've long called her
Two people shot in the neck and one in the leg, a city spokesman says. The
Walter Scott was killed by a North Charleston police officer. He was also the father of four
Red Cross: Many more people will die if not tended to soon. U.N.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years
AP McCoy wins the Grand National on Saturday. The 25-1 outsider wins by a length
Four Blackwater employees were convicted of shooting 17 people in 2007. Prosecutors said the men illegally
Gunman had backpack, rolling suitcase, police say. Gunman had message about "social
Lockheed C-130 Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes. Film producers hired
Air India passengers were mostly Indian nationals, plus Yemenis and people from other countries. The
The bodies of four Al-Shabaab attackers are being removed from a dorm. The
Lane Bryant is launching a campaign for its Cacique line. The plus-size linger
Jason Harrison, 39, was shot five times in June. His mother had called police for
NASA: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade"
Paramount Television is planning a TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy
A drone carrying radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House
Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island to reopen to public Saturday. Bomb threat that led to evacuation
LZ Granderson: Low-wage workers have been hardest hit since the onset of the
New South China Mall is the world's biggest shopping mall. The mall was once deserted and
NYPD detective Patrick Cherry faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance. "I was
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own a recreational marijuana dispensary in Breckenridge,
Brynn Duncan, 21, has mast cell disease, a rare disease that causes extreme allergic
Brazil is in a political crisis and a bribery scandal has caused a uproar. President Dilma
Kenyans remember the innocent victims of a terror attack that stunned a nation. The attack
Indonesian court rejects last ditch effort to get clemency from drug smugglers. Andrew Chan and
More than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes, UNICEF says
The U.S. Embassy in Jalalabad is a regional logistics hub for the Afghan
UltraHaptics creates tactile 3-D shapes out of thin air using ultrasound. The
Google Maps adds Pac-Man to its April Fools' Day fun. The app is
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder. Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger.
Laura Bernardini is a CNN director of coverage. Bernardini says she has never read the
China launches app featuring President Xi Jinping. app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital. He lampooned cultural
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, was killed by Al-Shabaab militants in Gar
Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Tyson would veto Indiana's religious freedom law
Joni Mitchell is in intensive care, a hospital spokesman says. She is in "good
An Indian climbing group plans to trek up Mount Everest to pick up waste. The group will
Benjamin Netanyahu says Iran's recognition of Israel's right to exist is a mistake. The Israeli
Holland America says two passengers were found dead in their stateroom. The cruise line says
Iran's President says the proposed nuclear deal shows Iran will stick to its promises. "We
Storms are predicted for the Midwest and Plains on Thursday and Friday. Severe weather is
Storms are predicted for the Midwest and Plains on Thursday and Friday. Severe weather is
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents when Smith fell and hit his head
Kenya's security efforts have been hampered by the deadly attack on a college campus. Kenya has
CNN's Dan Rivers is working in Yola, Nigeria, to help a man who is
Regina Agyare is a founder of software development company Achievers Ghana. She helps
Indiana law allows businesses to use religion as a defense. Critics say law is a copy of
A federal judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew. Law
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people. Of the
The deadline to agree on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone. The sides are still
Experts call for technology to deploy enhanced crash avoidance software. Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water. Paul Waldman: Gov. Mike
Christian communities in Iraq have been emptied of their ancient Christianity community for more than 1,500
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, defeats incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes
Universal's "Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more. It
California Gov. Jerry Brown orders water restrictions for the first time on public land. The cuts
McDonald's announced it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees. Martha Pease
Iranians celebrate the agreement with the U.S. and world powers. The agreement was struck
A Facebook group wants to replace the statue outside a Comedy Hall of Fame in Jamestown
Three men have been charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. The men planned to
The eclipse is the shortest of the century. It began at 3:16 a.m
The election could result in the handing of power from David Cameron's Conservative government to the Labour
Millions of Turks were affected by the power outage. The government has been heavy-handed in
Three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees resigned or were fired after emails were revealed. The emails
Ann and Gordon Getty ask for privacy during difficult time. Authorities don't know if Getty was
We need to talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into the darkness
Prince Harry is spending four weeks with the Australian military. He will train and protect troops in
Kamron Taylor, 23, was wanted in connection with a jail attack on a guard.
Kenya launched airstrikes Sunday, targeting Al-Shabaab stronghold of Godon Dhawe
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke started a business in Nichols, Wisconsin, two years
Two people, including a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Queensland. At least
Investigators have been investigating the pilot's role in the crash. A flight data recorder was found
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed
Freddie Gray, 25, died 15 days ago after being arrested on a weapons charge. His
Archaeologists find skeleton of a camel believed to have been used by Ottoman troops. The remains
FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK. The men are now
The talks were historic, but they were more hectic. The hotel where the talks took
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
The National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "advers
Australia agrees to share intelligence with Iran. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is "an
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it in the
Four aid workers for UNICEF were killed in the attack, police say. Al-
"Blended" blended learning program allows students to work online during allotted blended learning days.
Charlie Hill faces charges of killing a New Mexico police officer and hijacked a plane. Hill,
Misao Okawa dies at the age of 117. She was born in Osaka, Japan
Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines. He also called for violence
Duke University students and faculty members march Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid" A rope
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, is deported from Pakistan to the United
Garissa University College was attacked by Al-Shabaab militants. The terror attack began
A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen,
Judge says social media site is acceptable way for divorce proceedings. Ellanora Arthur Baid
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg were all in a deadlock in the UK
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
CNN's Al Marmoum Race is an ancient tradition in the region. Camel racing
year after girls were abducted, CNN's Michael G. Johnson is still rallying around #Bring
Italian physician is looking to put an entire head on a new body. He says he has
Gregory Margolin was a sniper in the Soviet Red Army. He survived the Holocaust as a
Al Qaeda offers reward for killing or capture of Houthi rebels. Yemen descended into chaos since
Gunmen storm the headquarters of Somalia's education ministry. The attack killed at least 12 people
Wladimir Klitschko is the reigning world heavyweight boxing champion. The Ukrainian is looking
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of killing two men. He was released from jail one week
Officials say many in the country of 5 million have already made the move. On FM,
The Brontosaurus was first named in 1879. It was named after a man named
Doug Hughes, 61, is a Florida postal carrier. He wrote about his intentions on a
Officials launch investigation into the causes of death of fish in Rio de Janeiro lagoon. Officials
Anthony Stokes' story made headlines in 2013. He was a heart transplant recipient. He
Houthi rebels withdrew from presidential palace and other key parts of Aden. Saudi coalition of nine
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare cancer in 2013. He wants to give doctors
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her 13-year-old daughter and 9
John Sutter: "The Meatrix" video crystallized the public health risks and environmental
Michael Keaton makes a guest appearance on "Saturday Night Live" Keaton is in his
Lauren Bacall's 750-piece art collection sold at Bonhams auction house in New
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February. He was sentenced in May
Thieves ransacked a London safe deposit company, possibly taking advantage of four days of holiday
Iran has been fighting against its nuclear program since 1989. President Ali Khamenei has refused to
South African troops deploy to Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown. Defense minister says troops
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections. Simon Moya
Bob Greene: Everglades are a squitable wasteland full of things that want to hurt
Det. Ian Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau. He is accused of st
U.S. has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation.
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos was named the world's top island
John Avlon: Sustainable development is about the economics of greed. He says the real message
Malala Yousafzai releases letter to girls who were abducted by Boko Haram. She
Three of the six council members in Ferguson are black. The city has been rocked by racial
Iran and six world powers have reached a deal to end nuclear talks. Many Iranians are happy
Three militants were killed in clashes, Iranian state media reports. The militants crossed into Iran from
"Star Wars: Rogue One" is due to be released in 2016. The movie will
Investigators have not found writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives or confessed. Lubitz
Former Rep.Barney Frank is the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same
Yarmouk, Syria's largest refugee camp, was taken by ISIS militants in early April
Syria's death toll has doubled in a year's time. Syria's population is about 3
China's censors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says. "We do not
A 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop in
At least three former members of parliament with the Party of Regions have reportedly committed suicide in the
Charles Alasholuyi is one of the people who voiced their anger via #Bring
Chile's president enacted a new law allowing civil unions. The law will give legal weight to
Saudi-led coalition has destroyed air defense systems of Houthis rebels, a Saudi source says
Ailina Tsarnaeva is charged with aggravated harassment. She is the sister of Dzh
Gunmen attack Garissa University College in Kenya, killing nearly 150 people. Al-Sh
Rabea Darduna says he sold the door for $175, but it was
Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people, including a child, in a 1995 Oklahoma City bombing
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand the removal of Cecil Rhodes' statue
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a field hospital was set-up
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home. He
UEFA has opened disciplinary action against the Georgian Football Federation. Georgia fans invaded the pitch twice due
Holland boss Guus Hiddink slammed the home fans for booing Andres Iniesta
The licensing system for agents is to change on April 1. Anyone can become a football agent
Spain were beaten 2-0 by Holland in their first Euro 2016 qualifier. Vicente del
Simon Mignolet was dropped by Brendan Rodgers last December. The Belgian was quickly back
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard
CSKA Sofia's Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country. But
The Liana's Ransom lost power in rough seas early Monday morning. Nine crew members
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day
Boy, 12, fell out of window of five-storey building in Jiangxi,
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle. The van toppled on
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down and killed close to University of Kingston.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski
Fire broke out in St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset. More than 80 firefighters
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games on foreign TV. He
African elephant douses a buffalo bull with water stored up its trunk. The animal tries to
Amazing images have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were
Reading fan Charlie Sumner ran on to the pitch and did four front flips. He was
Filipe Luis signed a three-year contract at Chelsea last July. The full back
England drawn with Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D. John Peacock
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday. Windsor Park was damaged
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston. The
Japanese photographer Yancieski Aoyama's images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to
Brittany Huber, 23, was killed in a car crash on a Georgia highway in April
Incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand. A passenger
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fair
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring. But New Zealand defender returned to
Lucas Leiva missed Liverpool's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United due to a groin problem
Stoke goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract. The Bosnia
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. 19-year-old recently
Morocco were banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. The CAF
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of
Simon Mignolet was in Belgium squad for Euro 2016 qualifiers. Goalkeeper posted pictures
Rangers have faced both of his former teams in the Championship. But Ian Murray believes Rangers will
Antonio Conte was given death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. The former
Andros Townsend scored the only goal of the game in Turin. The Tottenham Hotspur
Footage shows a woman verbally abusing men in her neighbour's yard. The men then pick
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport. Teenager
Gordon Robson, 26, killed father John Potts, 45, with a single punch
Ch Charmnell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, is up
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich meet in the Bundesliga on Sunday. Dortmund are just five points
Gary Locke has signed a three-year deal at Kilmarnock. Locke has lost
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The Sleep Health
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem, Oregon, telling
Notts County star Ellen White scored both free kick against Arsenal. Laura Bassett and Alex
Jose Luis Gaya is wanted by Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea. The left-back
Ron Vlaar is out of contract in the summer and has shaken off a calf injury
The girls at the 27th Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special
Mai Zizhuo, five, shows his outstanding basketball skills in a viral video.
Birmingham City took the lead through Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson. Matt Derbyshire
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. Villa boss insists every
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman will wait for more accurate date for Fraser Forster's return before
Jason Denayer has impressed while on loan at Celtic this season. The defender is wanted by
Ronny Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season. Celtic
Virgil van Dijk was not selected by the Holland national team last year. The Celtic
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their semi-final. The Scottish
David Alaba was injured playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia. The
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday. Locke was
Rangers interim chairman Paul Murray insists previous regimes were'solely' to blame for the club
England captain Wayne Rooney and the rest of the squad were upset by their first half performance.
Dundee United hit back at criticism of the board's performance by two groups. Arabtrust
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic. The defender is out of contract
Shaun Cole was found dead in a Miami street last weekend. The 22-year-old
Hull KR have signed 6ft 7in Dane Tilse from Canberra Raiders. The Raiders have
Police discovered 20g of marijuana hidden in a lamb's leg. The lamb was sent to
Alan Smith was injured during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit. The incident occurred after
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges after
Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with
Kevin de Bruyne is a target for Bayern Munich, says Franck Ribery.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel. Marc
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain but his form has fallen off. The midfielder has
Andros Townsend came off the bench to score the equaliser in 1-1 draw.
Michael McIndoe, 35, played for Bristol City and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves. Treats range from a
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning. Four of the men
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember. The 25-year-old
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said the club are in the 'world of competition' FA
The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. The driver
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL over an alleged homophobic slur
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball with a face so unlike
Brighton beat Norwich 1-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday night. Bradley Johnson scored
James Oliver, 48, was allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A. Massimiliano Alleg
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Poc
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested in Paul Pogba. Nedved said
Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto is wanted by a number of European clubs. Liverpool and
A $50,000 Porsche Cayman was flying out of control as it speeds from a
Riki Hughes, 31, was jailed for 16 months after he stole £17,000
Sunderland host Newcastle United at Stadium of Light (4pm) Lee Cattermole will
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as
Sergio Garcia is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012. The Spaniard
Johnny Sexton is hoping to win a medal with Racing Metro this season. The Irish fly
Mustafa Kamal has stepped down as ICC President. Kamal accused India of influenced the
Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment up against Sam Vokes. Burnley host Tottenham
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season. West Ham boss Sam
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. 10 of those
Sunderland face Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. John O'She
Stoke have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions. Mark Hughes says Stoke must end their
Dick Advocaat will welcome Lee Cattermole back to the Sunderland team. C
UEFA have increased the amount of money Celtic need to qualify for the Champions League. Ronny
Lionel Messi has been training with Barcelona after recovering from a foot injury. But Celta V
Steve Thompson was told he will be suspended until the end of the season. The Leeds United
Hearts host Celtic in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Robbie Neilson's side have already secured
Rangers winger David Templeton has praised Stuart McCall's training methods. McCall brought a
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-per-week at Liverpool.
Jonas Gutierrez is hoping to make his return to Newcastle's first team. The Argentinian has
Thomas Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The 25
Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave Arsenal. The Arsenal legend says the
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
England lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro 2016 qualifier. Sehrou Gu
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton and England. The 21-year-old
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Brom's chairman Jeremy Peace. Pulis says the
Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes at the end of the season. Leeds Rhinos captain
NRL referees and referees have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South
The clip was filmed for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. Many of the people break down
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law. The Championship side are
George Boyd is the Premier League's hardest working player. The Burnley winger has clocked
Anderson was sent off for Internacional after an off-the-ball shove. Brazilian
Raheem Sterling has been making an 'incredible offer' at Liverpool. The 20
Child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later. A 25-year-
Dug and his owner were hiking in Fontana, Canada, when they heard a rattle
The incident took place in a suburb of Mumbai, India. The boy managed to escape the
Harvey Boulter has given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
BBC spent licence fee payers' money on Emojis guide. The 44-page
Inter Milan drew 1-1 with bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side
Paul Parker's passport was listed for £5,000 on eBay. The former Manchester United
Slovakia beat Czech Republic 1-0 in a friendly in Zilina. Ondre
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's 'Check Out
Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield drew 1-1 in the Yorkshire derby. Sergi
Stuart Dallas impressed for Northern Ireland last week. The 23-year-old scored twice as
Three people have been taken to hospital following a head-on collision. The 1973 E-
On Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked
Villagers in eastern China have resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. Worried passers
New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox are the favorite baseball teams in America. Texas Rangers and
The clip was filmed as part of the West Wing Week YouTube series.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy at the age of 11 and lost his eyes
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her family's home in north London
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's 5-
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches. The QPR
Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the second round of 2018 World Cup
Tiger Woods has not played on the PGA Tour since February. The 14-time major
Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London
Kumar Sangakkara will continue to play Tests for Surrey. Sri Lanka sports minister asked
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of Mo Farah. He raised the claims
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season after going top with one game to play.
Jefferson Montero suffered muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday. Tom Carroll is out for Swansea
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to rebrand as Hull Tigers. The initial
Esteban Cambiasso says winning a cup would be like winning a trophy. Camb
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan
Chelsea host Stoke City at 5.30pm on Saturday (5.30pm) Diego
Garry Monk's side face Hull City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. The Swans have
Celtic were beaten 2-0 by St Mirren in the SPL at St Mirren Park
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday. Stuart McCall wants to win one visit
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of Fort Lauderdale Strikers. Ronaldo is a
Juventus maintained 14-point lead at top with two games remaining. Carlos Tevez opened the
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for Fiorentina. Miral
Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of Stoke City vs Manchester City. Cesar Azp
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a number of clubs but no deal has been agreed.
Ulster have signed Charles Piutau from New Zealand. Piutau will join the Ulster
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final. Northampton will await expert
Mohamed Diame set to make his long-awaited return for Hull City. Hull travel to
Tom Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 win over Czech Republic.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund. The
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made only two substitute appearances since breaking his ankle in training
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid.
Burnley host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche could
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the Brentford derby at Craven Cottage
Millwall beat Charlton 2-1 at The Den on Good Friday night. Magaye
All major artery on Britain's railways shut down over Easter weekend. All trains from Padd
Grupo OAS is selling its stake in Brazil's World Cup stadiums. The company is
13 US senators have written to FIFA president Sepp Blatter. They say Russia should be
Tottenham striker Harry Kane will be available to play for the Under 21s. The 21-
The final set of Premier League TV fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang was created by father-and-son team Bill and
Helicopter crashed into house in residential area of Sao Paulo. Thomaz Alckmin,
Renault 16 was first designed to allow French farmers to transport sheep. It accounts for two in
Paul Merson had a dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a moment of madness. The
Sergi Barjuan named new manager of Almeria. Former Barcelona defender replaces Juan
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36. Real Madrid
Salford Red Devils end 17-game losing run against Wigan Warriors. Ben Jones
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Thursday night. Jamie
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's match with Italy. The FA are
England face Italy in a Euro 2016 Group D qualifier on Tuesday night. Roy Hodgson has
'John' posted the advert in his local newsagents in Muswell Hill. The anonymous
Henrik Larsson played Daniel Andersson with Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrows
Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester
Christians across America celebrated Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at 8pm on Monday. Palace have no fresh injury concerns ahead
Abou Diaby has made just 22 appearances for Arsenal in all competitions. Arsene Wenger
Liverpool have scored just 45 Premier League goals this season. Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still capable of winning the Premier League title. The City goalkeeper
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany, received a bizarre phone call. They initially
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38. Twitter users were
Chris Ramsey's side beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to boost survival hopes. Q
Alan Hutton limped off in Aston Villa's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with
Kim Sei-young leads by three shots after carding three-under-par 69
Lydia Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. The
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19
Jordan Spieth has attracted criticism for giving up on university. The 21-year-old
Lydia Ko leads by two shots after second round of ANA Inspiration. South Korea's
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6
Aljaz Bedene is due to be added to the British Davis Cup team. The
Andy Murray defeated Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the
Carla Suarez Navarro lost to Venus Williams in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The
Reigning champion Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in Grand National. Scholfield
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 in European Challenge Cup. Dragons had a
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson return to the scene of England
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the IPL. Veteran
Moeen Ali hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. The all-rounder was
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent. The
Hector Bellerin gave Arsenal the lead with a left-foot curling effort. Mes
Michel Vorm is set to deputise Hugo Lloris for Tottenham's clash with
Celtic's Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera eating a biscuit. The Scotland striker was
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Premier League on Sunday. John Carver is looking to secure his
Porto have received £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. The Portuguese
Lionel Messi faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play against Celta Vigo.
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United. The striker has scored just
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday. Stephen Curry scored 27 points
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer. The Liverpool boss believes the experience has
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. The 20-year
Jamie Carragher flew out to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s. The
Salford's Rangi Chase could face a four- eight-match ban for
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion. Th
James Rodriguez will start Real Madrid's match against Granada. The Colombian international broke his foot
Kevin Theophile-C Catherine has two years left on his contract at Cardiff. The full
Daryl Clark is ready to lead the way for Warrington Wolves. The hooker says he
Salford Red Devils secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory
Wigan Warriors came out on top 12-4 after a brutal contest at the DW Stadium
Warrington lost their third successive Super League match. The match was stopped after a flare was
England squad had originally been due to leave northern Italy after 1-1 draw. But plane
Andros Townsend scored England's third goal against Italy on Tuesday night. The Tottenham and England
Graziano Pelle scored against England in the 1-1 draw at Juventus. The
Joe Hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game
Theo Walcott scored five out of 10 for his performance against Italy. Wayne Rooney, And
Five workers sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. The ballot
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull rugby player husband Mike, 36,
Vadym Shevchenko, 34, captured the moment at Kiev Zoo, Ukraine.
Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time. Nick
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from Bundesliga with 'great bid' But
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has
A man took the peacock from a Dallas neighborhood on Saturday. Surveillance video shows him grabbing
Kevin Sinfield is to leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season. Sinfield
Manuel Pellegrini admits his club will have to buy young talent. The Premier League
The lamb named Winter stands still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. The duck begins
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-
Three suspects brazenly stole an ATM from a California gas station last Friday. CCTV footage shows
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss claims gender equality laws have backfired. He said legislation has prompted
The Glass House in Chislehurst was built in 1951 as a bunker for government officials.
Manuel Pellegrini is one of only four managers to have won the Premier League.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two. Manager Keith Curle
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that Arsenal's teamtalks
Oscar has scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 win over France in Paris. The Chelsea
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's stadium. Reading
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter with his dog on Wednesday. The Arsenal play
Manchester City were beaten 2-0 by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Yaya Tou
Lionel Messi is doubtful after suffering a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real
Greg Dyke was given a £16,000 Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest on Monday. The 18-year-
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss said equality for women has 'b*****ed up the game'
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding. The
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005. He
Noah Monte was just one-month-old when he started performing the 'circus act
Lucy Garrod, 27, was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria grew underneath
David Luiz picked up a hamstring injury after running away from Marseille. Brazilian defender was
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth skills. He was
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy
The storm took place in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia. It initially looks like
Three passengers and an instructor were hospitalised after balloon crashed. The hot air balloon was carrying
The footage shows a reptile managing to balance at the top of a power pole while swallowing
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, grew up as boys.
Loushanna Craig, 37, had her biometric ID card stolen while on holiday
Rory McIlroy is bidding to win his fifth major and complete a career grand slam.
Residents awoke on Sunday to find an Easter egg on their doorstep. Rob Wood, 67,
Ricardo Moniz has been appointed as Notts County's new manager. The former Tottenham and
Dundee United face Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership derby on Wednesday. Paul Hartley
Tim Sherwood takes on Chris Ramsey when Aston Villa face Queens Park Rangers. Ramsey was Sher
Graeme McDowell has suffered with an ankle injury for three weeks. The Northern Irishman
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open. The 39-year-
Arnold Palmer is unable to play at Augusta due to dislocated shoulder. Ben Crenshaw
Tomas Berdych defeated Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in Miami. Czech
Roger Federer poses with snowball and racket on official Twitter account. The Swiss star decided to
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning. The 18-
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in European Challenge Cup. Chiefs set up semi
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as �
Liam Plunkett is looking to lead England to victory in the Test series. The 29
Jonathan Trott was picked for three-Test tour of Caribbean. Trott has been in
Jonathan Trott has been in fine form for Warwickshire. The 33-year
Martin Guptill has been recalled to New Zealand Test squad for England tour. Gupt
Barney Gibson has retired from cricket just four years after his debut. Yorkshire's 19-year
Jonathan Trott returns to England set-up for first time since stress-related illness.
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The record-breaking batsman
Moises Henriques signs for Surrey for the T20 Blast. Henriques will join Surrey
Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for the first time since 2012. The gymnast won silver
FIA announced that there will be no more grid girls in F1. The decision is seen
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to progress to the quarter finals. Higgins will face
Leicester City host West Ham United at 3pm on Saturday. Matt Upson is out of
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer. But he was the visitors'
Craig Dawson suspended for West Bromwich Albion's clash with QPR. Dawson will serve a
West Ham currently sit ninth in UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings. Sam Allardyce
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship at Ibrox. Lee McCulloch
David Templeton is adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form
Carlo Ancelotti has been left out of his preferred 4-3-3 formation.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo (
Lyon beat Guingamp 3-1 to move back to the top of Ligue 1
Roma ended four-month winless streak at home with win over Napoli. Miral
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga's Bundesliga on Saturday. Der Klassiker
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow stopped for seven minutes on Sunday. Fans broke down
Robin van Persie is out of Manchester United's Premier League clash with Aston Villa. Luke
Hull are currently three points off the relegation zone. But they have won five of their last
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday (12.45pm) Everton host Southampton and Leicester
Premier League returns this weekend after four international breaks. Chelsea have won all three of their post
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling about the dangers of leaving Liverpool. Tou
Wasps, Leinster, Bath and Wasps are all in the last eight of
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new Liverpool contract. The Liverpool
Wales face Belgium in their Euro 2016 Group B qualifier on June 12. Wales are in their
Mark Hughes confident he will have money to spend this summer. Stoke boss confident Asmir Be
Raheem Sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-
Arsene Wenger agonises over the selection process all week. The Arsenal boss makes the final
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-
Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling is happy at Liverpool. The 20-year-old
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina in the first half. Javier Pastore equalised
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season. The Stoke striker
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol
Richard Henyekane was driving in Bethlehem when he was killed. Henyekane
Danny Lennon has been appointed Scotland Under 21 boss. The former St Mirren boss has reportedly
Cosmin Moti kung-fu tackled Stefan Nikolic during Ludogorets'
Liverpool beat Arsenal 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers insists Rahe
Brian O'Driscoll was pictured crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong. His
Darren Bent has revealed an Aston Villa return could be on the cards. The former England striker
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase number of homegrown players. But he is facing opposition
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever
Holmes had started the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard. He
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders in Houston. The 27-year-old is
Tiger Woods is one shot behind going into the third round at the Houston Open. Phil Mic
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first Augusta winner since Fuzzy Zoeller in
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award
Michael Carrick is the longest-serving outfield player in England history. He is the first
Steve Bruce was pictured on a Barbados beach with Alan Shearer. Hull manager was '
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth,
Tottenham have major concerns about Harry Kane playing in the Czech Republic. The striker could be at
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often
Wilford the sandy-colored canine was found in a pool of his own blood. He
Arsene Wenger is concerned by Theo Walcott's confidence. The Arsenal boss says he will
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the
Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling. Liverpool boss
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old
Adam McBurney was not at home when the house was targeted on Easter Sunday. Sh
Momin Hopur, a celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors. The 26-year-old
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring after running against Marseille. The Brazilian could miss
Mark Clattenburg will officiate Manchester derby between United and City. Referee sent off
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. Sir Alf Ramsey promoted Phillips
The average household now owns 7.4 internet devices, with 4 in 10 bought a tablet
Francis Bakvis found a dead scrub python in his yard. The 3.5 metre long
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it five wins from five
Police were called to the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in video for sponsors Puma. The
Lydia Kelm, 23, was arrested for DUI after she allegedly caused a scene at a
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech
The unidentified man was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens
Passengers travelling by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as passport checks introduced at UK ports
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman. He
Greg Gibbins was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop. The 28-year
Sepp Blatter is running for re-election as FIFA president on May 29. Luis
Cristiano Ronaldo hit five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada.
Tim Sherwood's side were set to drop into the bottom three after Charlie Austin scored late
Manchester United host Manchester City in Sunday's derby. United are currently third in Premier League table
Manchester City were beaten 2-0 by Crystal Palace on Monday night. Vincent Kompany
Bradley Neil won the amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year. Rory McIlroy has
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete career grand slam at the Masters. World No 1
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in the
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the Miami Open semi-final. Murray met Ber
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in
Lee Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse at Britannanton. The 18-year-old
Jonjo O'Neill trains Shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron J P McMan
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11
Marcelo Bosch kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Sarac
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury. Prior lost his England
Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29. cooperatives. He headed
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China
Wisconsin Badgers beat Kentucky 71-64 in the NCAA Final Four. Frank Kaminsky and
Tom Daley hopes his new 'demon' dive can help him win Olympic gold. The
Memphis moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division. San Antonio stay within two games of that
Harry Kane was captain for Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League clash. The 21-year
Bafetimbi Gomis scored a spectacular overhead kick in the first half.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester up will feel like winning a trophy. Camb
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle's performance in the Tyne-Wear derby was not
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The Southampton
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Stuart McCall says Walter
Sportsmail team up with Gillette to offer lucky reader the chance to own a pair of
Roy Keane sat his Sunderland players down in the changing room during 2007-08. But Hig
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League XX season. The
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight. Pep Guardiola believes
Manchester City have not beaten a Premier League fixture having trailed at half-time in almost 20
Tiger Woods has returned to action following a break from golf. The former World No1 has
Rory McIlroy missed his clubs at Augusta National. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his
Rory McIlroy is bidding for a sixth major title at Augusta National. Tiger Woods returns
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' The German
Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri on May 30. The Bolton fighter
Amir Khan faces Adrien Broner in a fight on FaceTime on June 2. The
Freddie Roach has blasted Floyd Mayweather ahead of the May 2 mega-fight. Roach
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record. New Zeal
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with victory at Augusta.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda separated in February 2015. The divorce settlement was finalised
Lionel Messi is recovering from a foot injury. Barcelona face Celta Vigo in La Liga
Yannick Bolasie has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season. Crystal Palace
Bakary Sako scored Wolves' second goal from the spot in the 72nd minute.
Conor McAleny equalises for Cardiff after just four minutes. Pavel Pogrebnyak
Erik Compton, 35, will make his first appearance at the Masters this week. Compton has
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League on April 15. Neymar feels his team's
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will miss the FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn due to suspension
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Tom Cair
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round on Wednesday. Rovers boss Gary
Monaco missed a penalty early in the second half when Lucas Barrios fired a penalty over
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in their Championship clash at Ibrox. Rangers captain Lee
Hugo Lloris picked up a gashed knee against Leicester City. The France goalkeeper missed
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy. Paul
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. 19
Mike Brown is unsure when he will return to Harlequins action. Northampton wing
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday. Manuel Pellegrini's
Tim Howard put in man of the match performance against Southampton. Marcos Rojo was elegant on
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (diffuse Intrinsic
Researchers at Brown University in Rhode Island studied nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Sunday. Joe Allen believes the Reds
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history. The £40
Jack Johnson became the first ever black heavyweight champion. He beat Tommy Burns to win the world
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku's new agent. Mino Ra
eagle gatecrashes North Vancouver football team's training session. The bird rolls the ball to
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad. The left-hander
PGA Tour star Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park. Glenn Murray opened the scoring
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park. Jason Puncheon scored the
Leinster are armed with international experience and have 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat
Mesut Ozil was spotted in Berlin nightspot hours after missing Arsenal's Premier League clash
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships. The
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Alexis Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season. The 26-year-old joined the Gun
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Romelu Lukaku's move to Mino Raiola
Michael Duff is the only player to play in all eight top tiers of English football. The
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer. Gareth South
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers revealed he
Man shot himself around Despicable Me-themed ride in Hollywood. He was standing in
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when Newcastle lost 2-1 to
Manchester United currently sit fourth in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal says United can still
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest
Real Madrid keen to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea. But they are prepared to
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton. The Southampton left back has been
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Wear- Tyne derby on Sunday. Dick Advocaat's
Frank Lampard took part in Alan Carr's Chatty Man on Channel Four. The Manchester
Danny Cipriani is currently on holiday in Dubai. Sale Sharks play London Irish,
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Ryan Taylor scored the
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander
Ratinho sported his new hairstyle in the Brazilian Cup clash. The 35-
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotians. Both are
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal is set to discuss the club's future. The Dutchman
Neymar and Dani Alves were at the Emirates to watch basketball. Barcelona beat Chile 1
Anthony Joshua will be in the ring for the first time in 2015. The British heavyweight is
Alexis Sanchez chose Arsenal over Barcelona last summer. The Chile forward has made an instant impression under
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. Gunners boss Arsene Wenger is in
Courtney Lawes made a brutal tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson. The
Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped Neymar to be the next player to challenge for the title of
Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016 in France, says Juan Mata. Rooney scored 47
An 18-year-old inmate was seen on surveillance video attacking an officer. The officer
Xu was desperate to become a grandfather and bought a wife for his son. He then sold
Simba the cat was rescued by firefigther in Meckenheim, Germany.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch
Girl was in the water in Florida when a manatee floated past. She was screaming
Spain were beaten 2-1 by Holland in a friendly at Amsterdam ArenA. Stefan de
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, says Jose Anigo
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in a friendly on Tuesday night. The Cape Ver
Radamel Falcao has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. The Colombian
Cardiff City will not give away away fans at Saturday's Championship game. The Welsh club have
Stephen Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent. According to police Mr Doc
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin. The 38-
Dustin Johnson is the favourite to win the Masters. Henrik Stenson is the UK's
Raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, was shot dead in Seat Pleasant, Maryland. He
Wood bison were imported from Canada to Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008. But restoration of
Jet Surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg. They have
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers. It comes after suicide
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the Australian
Italian navy and coast guard ships rescued 1,500 migrants in 24 hours. Three boats were
Athletic Bilbao drew 1-1 with Valencia at San Mames Stadium. Aritz
Santiago Vergini is keen to stay at Sunderland after helping Sunderland keep a clean sheet in
Ashley Young wants to end Manchester City's dominance this weekend. United have never lost five straight
Jack Grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when on the pitch. The Aston
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004. Woods and
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-5 in the
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow. The 19-time
Rubi Light was confirmed as a definite runner by trainer Robbie Hennessy. The grade
odds-on favourite Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield. The four-
Marcelo Bosch landed a long range penalty in the final act of Saracens'
New Zealand international Francis Saili signs for Munster. The 24-year-old made
Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap. Young said the salary cap is
Anthony Watson says the pain of the European Champions Cup exit can be a driving force in their
Tim Bresnan last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash. Yorkshire
England bowled out for 303-9 at the end of the second Test at Lord's
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa. The 19-year
Crystal Palace have been targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris. But Parish says Alan Pard
Julian Speroni will be at Crystal Palace for another year at least. The 35-
Roberto Martinez watched his players train at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Everton boss watched the
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league. The Tigers have
Leicester City beat West Ham United 1-0 at the King Power Stadium. Andy King scored
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester United's biggest threat on Sunday.
Haris Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players loaned to the club. The
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 win
Archway Sheet Metal Works is being demolished by Tottenham Hotspur. Archway fought a long
West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead to Queens Park Rangers in December. Tony Pulis
Reece Oxford scored for the Under 21s in their 3-2 defeat to Manchester United
Josh Harrop scored his first goal for Manchester United since September. Josh Cullen equalised for
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of
Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible' Celtic boss Gary
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to Rangers after three successive wins. McCall is
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga on Sunday night. Cristiano Ronaldo
Christian Benteke is in line to leave Aston Villa for Tottenham Hotspur. Belgian striker
England face West Indies in Caribbean on Thursday. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores put
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1. Louis van Gaal
Arsenal and Juventus have already made bids for Palermo forward. The 21-year-
James Rodriguez returns to Real Madrid squad. Real Madrid have their'six nations' available again
Amir Khan spent his Friday at a safari park in northern California. The Bolton-born
Chelsea are considering the possibility of a pre-season tour in Japan. Jose Mourinho did not
Gary Bowyer says it doesn't make sense to use John O'Sullivan. The Blackburn
Sean Dyche's Burnley side face Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. Dyche's side
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi
LeBron James and Kyrie Irving scored 23 points each in Cleveland's 114-88 win over
Jacques Burger is a key player for Saracens in the European Champions Cup. The flank
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a 1-1
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening match. Cook
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook both scored a dominant unbeaten 95. The pair came
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League. Chelsea boss will start
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday. The Reds have won just one of their
Olivier Giroud named the Barclays Premier League player of the month. Arsenal striker becomes France's
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead in the sixth minute. Kenwyne Jones equalised in
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. Brendan Rodgers' side have been in a
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday lunchtime. Five hat-tricks have
YouTube star Cru van Velzen showcases free-kick skills at Melwood. Liverpool stars
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram. The photo was shared
Mark Wood has been called up for the Test series against West Indies. The Durham fast bow
Brad Haddin and Grant Elliott were criticised for their behaviour. Haddin and Faulkner
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara. Pujara will instead
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire. Bell has
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Italian side Perugia in 1997. The former striker feared
Raheem Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty. The
Connacht full-back Mils Muliaina was arrested after his side's 14-
The 10 per cent tax could affect movie and music downloaders. It could also affect consumers
Darren Gough is keen for Kevin Pietersen to be included in England's Ashes squad.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009. The former Celtic and Arsenal striker
Brazilian website claims to have new Chelsea kit for sale. Bale's name can be purchased with
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal in front. But
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification. Cellino said
David Villa has scored once in his first MLS game for New York City. The former Barcelona
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season. Steve Heighway predicted Gerrard
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday. Hector Bellerin, Mes
Harry Kane is eligible for the Young Lions, but not the Under-21s. Kenny
Manchester City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in Premier League title race. Manuel Pelleg
Supporters from both Arsenal and Liverpool gathered at the Emirates. Supporters were protesting the rising cost of
Wesley Sneijder tweeted a knife advert for his Galatasaray shop. The striker
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted about needing 'hood doughnuts almost every morning' His dad
Analysts at the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center receive treatment from Specialist
The faces of 30 legendary rock bands are blended into one. The Beatles, The Chilli
Four officers have been fired after investigation into racist texts. The officers, all black, were
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January to unhitching two locomot
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his home-made
Council inspectors found filthy food preparation areas at Pizza Plus Fried Chicken. Business run by Kunarat
Jose Mourinho says he prays for things in his personal life. The Chelsea manager says he
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84. Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for
Patrick O'Flynn, also the party's economics spokesman, said Ukip needs to '
Vanessa Santillan, 33, was found strangled and beaten to death in Fulham
Fran Kirby scored twice as England beat China 2-1 in Manchester. Kirby was in imper
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday night. Wayne Rooney feels the club
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mah
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-
Raheem Sterling's agent Aidy Ward was not happy about the midfielder's future.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Eden Hazard scored from the
piglet was born with its back legs missing and has to balance on its front trot
Youngster, believed to be from China, carefully balances three bowls on her head. She
Middlesbrough have won seven of their last eight Championship games. They have won all seven
Gary Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday. The 32-
Brentford beat Fulham 2-0 at Craven Cottage thanks to Ross McCormack
Peter Moores is the current managing director of England cricket. Michael Vaughan has emerged as the
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are all former England captains. Vaughan is the former
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to Dortmund. Lewandowski spent four
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli withdrew from squad to face Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers revealed striker took
Northampton were thrashed 37-5 by Clermont in the Champions Cup. Tom
Diego Costa limped off at Stamford Bridge with hamstring injury. Striker lasted just over 10
Mauricio Pochettino has had a huge influence on English football. The Argentine has become
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National. Paul McGinley
Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, was competing against his older brother. But as he
Hearts and Hibernian refused a guard of honour for the Edinburgh derby. Rangers lined up
Sam Allardyce is making plans for next season at West Ham. But he does not
Natasha Jonas has announced she will retire from boxing. The 30-year-old made history
Thomas Bjorn's ball landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. The American managed
Danny Willett finished one-under at Augusta after an opening round of 71. The Sheffield
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th Masters. The 85-year-
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. Mercedes team
Lewis Hamilton stepped on Will Smith's foot at Nelson Mandela's party. Hamilton was attending the
F1 bosses had hoped to organise the German GP in July. F1 chief Bernie Ecc
Lewis Hamilton features on front cover of the May edition of Men's Health magazine. Mercedes driver
Silverstone's $40m (£27m) corporate building damaged by high winds. Work
Jason Robinson was a heavy drinker during his early days at Wigan. The 40-
County Championship first round starts on Sunday. Yorkshire looking to defend their Division One title. Kevin
Zimbabwe could become first test playing country to tour Pakistan since attack. Shaharyar Khan hopes
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees team for the opening day game. The Yankees designated
Tim Sherwood took over at Aston Villa from Mauricio Pochettino. Sherwood has
Jordan Henderson has been playing as a wing back for Liverpool. The Liverpool man has lost the
Harry Kane made his England debut against Lithuania on March 27. The Tottenham striker scored within seconds
Burnley held to a 0-0 draw by Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday.
Hull City are keeping tabs on QPR defender Nedum Onuoha. The 28-
Andy King scored the winner as Leicester City beat West Ham. King says his goal could be
Esteban Cambiasso scored twice as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1. Nigel
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head during derby. Denmark
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at Sheffield United at the end of the
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion. The 26-year-old has impressed
Harry Kane was left in a unfamiliar position after a crossbar challenge. The striker was narrowly
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in
Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal of the season with an astounding lob from a
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month. The West Ham defender hopes
Ronny Deila was appointed Celtic boss last summer. Deila was unsure whether he was
Haris Vuckic has scored six times since joining Rangers. The Slovenian has been
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card by referee Mario Melero Lopez. The decision means
Rio Ferdinand believes Manchester United are at their strongest with Wayne Rooney in attack. Ferdinand praised Louis
Peter Quillin will face Andy Lee in the ring at the St James' Palace on April
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could fight in under six weeks. Pair
Glenn Murray has scored a goal every 91 minutes this season. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico Madrid in La Liga. Valencia have 60 points in
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday. The win means
Alan Pardew insists he is better than many Premier League big-name managers. Crystal
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-1. The Spaniard
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced Jason Gavern in the third round. Joshua dropped Gavern twice in
Dereck Chisora is hoping to make his return to the ring during the summer
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to David Templeton. Templeton criticised
Dave King was cleared to return to the Rangers board after a Court of Session hearing. The
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busqu
Barcelona midfielder Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games. Luis Enrique believes the midfielder
Franck Ribery was sold on to Bayern Munich in 2009. The French winger says
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Jurg
Antonio Di Natale played with Alexis Sanchez at Udinese for five years. The Chilean says
Juventus lost 2-1 to Fiorentina in the first leg of the Coppa
Roma fans were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner during their 1-0 win over Napoli
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the season. The
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan on Monday. Former Celtic defender Alan
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night. Stefan Joh
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their Premier League clash on Friday night. Ron
Ian Poulter is hoping to win the Masters for the first time in his career.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the 2014 Masters at Augusta. South African legend Gary
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam
Barcelona are in the hunt for a historic treble of the season. Neymar has not
Manchester City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace in their Premier League clash. Glenn Murray and
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters and complete career Grand Slam. McIl
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday night. Quinton
Stoke City lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Charlie Adam scored the
John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the best players in the world. Hazard scored a
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new Liverpool contract. The England winger has been in
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the Tour. Casey is not
Darren Bent scored from the penalty spot to give Derby County a 1-0 lead at the
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games. Jackie McNamara's
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani have been linked with a move. Reports
Nick Abend Albany was man of the match in Northampton's 37-5 thrashing
Australian tour guide kicks his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus. The
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and available on free transfer. Inter Milan
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham. The pair forged their friendship at
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League. The 21-
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-
Raheem Sterling has never said he wants to leave Liverpool, according to his manager.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life at Liverpool may not be all he hopes
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player of the Month. France striker Gir
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-
Roy Keane says a footballer should 'always look after No 1' Keane says Raheem
Dove created a script for a new ad campaign to encourage women to be kind to each other
Twin 18-month-old boys pronounced dead at hospital after falling in Yuma, Arizona
Former US president George H.W. Bush was at the U.S. Men's
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in Wembley on Wednesday. Was
Police believe fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport the 40 tonnes of
leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London. Animal experts spent
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two of the Masters. The
Paul Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager. Yeovil's 1-
Crystal Palace were due to play Manchester City at 8pm. But six coaches were delayed and
Robbie Fowler has named his all-star XI for FIFA 15 Ultimate Team. The former Liverpool
Perth Glory supporters set off flares during Friday night's match. Two teenagers, aged 13 and
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Pictures of children playing cricket make up Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year.
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada. Footage shows her
Everton will look to extend Darron Gibson's contract this summer. Republic of Ireland midfielder will
Darron Gibson will miss the rest of the Everton season through injury. Everton boss Roberto Martinez
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the M25 in Ludford. Kent Police
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters. The 21-year-
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters. The 19-year-old
Danny Willett was angry after his second shot from beyond the green trickled across the putting
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson will go out in penultimate group on Friday
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open. The
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says his team will just keep calm and carry on. Mercedes
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia. The German was the first
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester City. The 29-year-old
Saracens beat Racing Metro 92 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final.
Richie Gray will be sold to the highest bidder if Castres go down. Gray has one
Tom Poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension at Derbyshire.
Mike Ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving during Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo
Manchester United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain
Sergio Aguero has scored six times against Manchester United. The Argentine says the experience of scoring
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the Coppa Italia final. Defender
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca. Real
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea are close to winning the Premier League title. Hazard scored a penalty and
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup semi-final.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona. The 20-year
David Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo. The defender tore a
Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history. MS Dhoni's Chennai
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa's stars ‘icing on the cake players’
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for
Liam Treadwell has been booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Saturday's Grand National
Alastair Cook is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for comments. Gooch said Pietersen
Kevin Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013. The Surrey bats
Arsenal would be the ideal destination for Nabil Fekir's father. Mohamed Fek
Fabian Orellana threw a lump of grass towards Celta Vigo's Sergio Bus
UEFA have imposed financial restrictions on Manchester City. The club have been limited to a net transfer
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury at the end of Chelsea's win over Stoke
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in play-off to win ANA Inspiration
Derby want Burnley boss Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren. Dyche has impressed
Liverpool have eight points from Manchester United in the top four. Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey could play 90 minutes each at Villa Park. The pair worked
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 Derby County appearances. The 31-year-old
Tim Sherwood has urged Aston Villa to man up ahead of QPR showdown. Sherwood
Sean Dyche has been linked with a move to Derby. Dyche has been tipped to
John Terry was caught up in a race row with Anton Ferdinand in 2011. Terry was cleared
Clint Hill scored his first goal in the Premier League on Tuesday night. The defender insists Q
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. The QPR
Tony Fernandes was watching the Villa game from his iPhone. The Rangers chairman spoke of despair
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will play Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas.
Wallace was released without charge after being questioned by police on'suspicion of a
The top of the Championship with five games to go is still no closer to finding out which
Cambridge Women's Boat Race will be held on Saturday. Women's crews will battle the same
Oxford crew were training for the Boat Race which takes place on Saturday. The sunken
Nathan Hughes was banned for three weeks after striking George North. North suffered a third concussion in
George North suffered a third concussion in four months last week. The 22-year-old
Northampton ruled out of their game against Clermont Auvergne. Northampton
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick. Hull
Rhinos beat Tigers 26-12 in Super League clash at Mend-A-Hose
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage on loan at Halifax. The 25
Jonathan Trott made 72 on the first of four practice days. England bowled out for
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott both made unbeaten unbeaten runs. Ben Stokes was
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer. He
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke on Saturday. Jose Mourinho praised Remy's professionalism
Cameron Thomas Philp spat on a police forensics van in 2013. He was fined $
Strictly Come Dancing star, 25, is constantly sharing topless selfies. Most are
Cressida Bonas, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years. They split up
Will Stack, 22, was pulled over for making a left turn in Lexington County, South
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is right man to lead England. Vaughan is the hot favourite
Surrey's Chris Tremlett backs Kevin Pietersen to make comeback. Pietersen was axed
Alec Stewart is the director of England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey. The 34
Kyle Walker was injured after a collision with Kieran Trippier. The 24-year
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March. The Arsenal boss
Francis Coquelin is determined to succeed at Arsenal. The 23-year-old is
Tim Sherwood will move for Chris Ramsey if QPR manager leaves. Ramsey has lost six
Jeanetta Riley, 35, was killed last July after she brandished knife at cops.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-
Todd Phillips was injuried when he was struck by Francesco fingone. The Italian
The 12-story tower was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
Research by Northwestern University in the US found children who shared iPads significantly outscored their peers
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed near Hatten, Oldenburg. Three passengers
Vincent Kompany has slammed UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations. The Manchester City captain says
Secret cameras at east London boozer captured men discussing relationship issues. Men were more likely
Three former rugby internationals continued with trip to North Pole. Their plane was forced to break
Daphne Benaud politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband.
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester United 1-0 at Old Trafford. Sergio Aguero scored his
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 4-2 in the derby. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring
Alan Stubbs's Hibs beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby. The Hib
Diane Blankenship, 45, is charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery.
Two police officers have been injured after attending a rave in Sydney's East. The men were
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba. They were
Clare Verrall was walking her french bulldog Dutchy on Wednesday night. A man
George Gittoes was named as the recipient on Saturday. The 65-year-old
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter
Orana Wildlife Park is New Zealand's only open-range zoo. The lions are seen
Three people have been hospitalised after two planes dramatically collided on a runway. One of the
Chelsea host QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon. Jose Mourinho has been trialling
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix at Maranello last week. The German said
David Powell, 73, was arrested after the pensioner's body was found. Police were
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, believes groups of up to 10 men
Liverpool's ladies wore flamboyant outfits for Ladies' Day. Women were seen drinking
Alassan Gobitaca is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. He jumped over a
Russian jet 'aggressively' intercepted a U.S. RC-135U plane
LA Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 1-0 in their MLS opener. Alan Gordon scored the winner
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea. The Belgian has 35 goals and 25 assists
Jordan Spieth tees off third round at 2:55pm local time (7:
Aljaz Bedene won in the opening round of Casablanca Open qualifying. The
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes. The Hollywood actor also checked out pit
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One after his McLaren-Honda deal ends.
Sergio Perez fears Force India's start to the season is a dud. The Mexican was
Daniel Ricciardo practices with martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of Chinese Grand Prix.
Tony McCoy steered Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle
Jacques Burger was cited for alleged foul play during last Sunday's Champions Cup quarter-final game
Swiel spent four months on loan at Quins earlier this season. The 21-year
Charlie Hemphrey has secured a professional contract. The 25-year-old made his
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been recalled from the West Indies squad.
Steven Finn has vowed to regain his England place after poor World Cup. Middlesex seamer
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev kept his hands folded in front of him as the verdicts were
Team Sky's Elia Viviani was injured in a crash in the final kilometre of
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progress or risk
Sunderland host Crystal Palace at Stadium of Light (Saturday 3pm) Sebastian Larsson is suspended
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger contract extension at Newcastle. Argentine will start the remaining seven games of the
West Ham currently sit first in UEFA's Premier League rankings. Sam Allardyce wants his
Rangers crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston. Derek Lyle,
Barcelona ace Neymar shows off his skills ahead of Sevilla clash. The Brazilian star shows
Manchester United have not won a derby at home since November 2013. Manuel Pellegrini
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris St Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-
Stefano Pioli's Lazio side are currently third in Serie A. The Bian
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2. Roberto Vitiello feels
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Manchester City on Monday. The Cumbrian
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 35th minute. Scott Dann and
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti will have
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League. The former Real Madrid assistant believes
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for first time in his career. Real Madrid
Gareth Bale scored twice and assisted another in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on their
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm) Chris Smalling back in
Chris Smalling joined the International Judo Federation on Friday. The Manchester United defender was a
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday. The Belgian
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby. Rooney scored a spectacular
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at 1.30pm on Sunday. Richard Dunne is close
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of Premier League fixtures. Jose Mourinho
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to
Orlando City travel to Portland Dynamo on Sunday in the Eastern Conference. Kaka posted a picture
Bristol City beat Preston North End 1-1 at Deepdale on Saturday. Steve Cotter
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in their derby clash at Ashton Gate.
Gary Caldwell was appointed permanent boss of Wigan Athletic on Tuesday. Malky Mackay was
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in Edinburgh derby. Jason Cummings and Farid El
Dani Alves has rejected Barcelona's final contract offer. The Brazilian defender has been unable to
Dani Alves has been linked with a move away from Barcelona this summer. But his agent
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a time of six hours, 26 minutes
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. Alan Pardew
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol. He was
Around 5,700 pensioners are diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK. This
Dave Tyler, 72, built his own observatory in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire in
The time lapse footage was taken on the Jungfrau railway in Switzerland. The 9
monkey approaches woman and grabs banana in both hands. The woman laughs as monkey starts tucking
Steve Harmison has won seven on the spin with Ashington AFC. The 36-
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal is close to delivering
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters
Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters. The three time major
Chris Martin and Darren Bent scored for Derby in the 51st minute. Derby have now won
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes. Brighton had to improve in
Eduardo Vargas sustained a knee ligament injury in the win over West Brom. The
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Wolves move into sixth place in Championship with win over Leeds. David Edwards scored late winner after
Liverpool have lost two of their last seven Premier League games. Brendan Rodgers' side face Blackburn
Chelsea and Tottenham drew 0-0 at Staines Town in the Premier League. Both teams
Orlando City have expressed interest in Javier Hernandez. Hernandez is a popular signing for the MLS side
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield. Daniel Valencia
Bournemouth beat Birmingham City 4-2 in the Championship. They had not conceded a
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0. Johnson's double was
Iker Casillas helped a young fan hit by a shot during Real Madrid's 9-
Former AFL star Ben Cousins left court with a smug smirk on his face. The former
Around 300 City fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches. The move was made after
Crawley Town take on Oldham Athletic in League One on Monday. Ashley Young was in
Jordan Henderson is out of contract at Liverpool. The midfielder is in final year of his £
Malky Mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday night. The Latics boss
Huddersfield took the lead through Nahki Wells and James Vaughan. Luke Varney
Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have both scored crucial goals for Arsenal. Ars
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli were poor for Middlesbrough. Jonathan Woodgate
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Cristiano
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash the cash in the summer. The Manchester
Turkish aviation officials have been investigating the crew of a flight. Turkish skipper Arda Tur
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada on Sunday. The Real Madrid star now has
Brendan Rodgers admits Liverpool's exit from the Champions League will damage the club. Liverpool boss admits
Kevin Pietersen has been pictured leaving The Oval for the first time since resigning for Surrey
Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league. Juan Ar
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday night. Neymar
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Mamadou Sak
Ander Herrera scored twice against Aston Villa without looking at the ball. The Manchester United midfielder
Marseille and PSG played out a game that had huge bearing on the Ligue 1
ISIS militants 'destroyed' ancient statue sculptures in city of Nimrud. Seven minute
Nik Wallenda, 36, said he'll walk on top of a 400-foot wheel
Surveillance footage shows man get into dispute with bartenders. He was told he would have to
Unnamed boy from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in classroom. He then
The baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park. When a woman
Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night. The club are pressing ahead with their task of
Camilla, 26, wore daring backless black dress at Olivier Awards. Wore it
Nigel de Jong scored spectacular overhead kick after poor corner clearance. Roberto Soriano opened the scoring
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of Chancey Luna. The 17-year-
Matt Kemp's anger issues cost him his first marriage and his business. He unleashed an exp
The 75-year-old man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile at the
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31
The Daily Share clip was created byHLN's The Daily Share. It shows the price
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre and Hailey Walden were in eighth grade
Jordan Spieth leads by one shot after the final round at Augusta. The 21-year
Eric Harris, 44, was caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops. He
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years. He has been able to pick
Stevan Jovetic looks set to leave Manchester City this summer. Inter Milan have opened
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Wolfsburg are looking to
Santi Cazorla is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid.
Fiorentina striker Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona. The German
Pedro admits it is difficult not playing regular games for Barcelona. The 27-year-old
Jason Denayer is on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. Celtic boss Ronny Deila
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than 20 metres. But
Council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates. It is not the £
Brett Anthony O'Connor has been charged with ten counts of sex offences. The 52-
Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked if she's hungry. The reptile
Arsenal beat Burnley 8-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. But chief executive
Atletico Madrid defender Miranda has one year left on his contract. The defender has been offered
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Stewards threw
Thibaut Courtois has struggled in recent weeks and his error led to a goal for
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson both lose in the Family Circle Cup. British number
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. The Briton
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start Friday night's Guinnessdozen12 match.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night. Stephen Curry eclipsed
Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 to move to the top of the NBA's Southwest Division
Reanne Evans is a 10-time ladies' snooker world champion. She is
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP at the end of the season. Cleveland Cavaliers
Liam Stewart, 20, was set to make his senior Great Britain debut. But the forward
David Meyler was sent off for a red card for a challenge on Kyle Naugh
Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership. Armstrong completed a move from Dund
Celtic to erect statue of Billy McNeill to mark club's greatest ever captain. statue will
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. John Carver says his players have a point
Newcastle have lost four in a row and fallen into relegation danger. John Carver says his
Liverpool are keeping tabs on Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. Kondogbia has
Burnley striker Danny Ings' contract expires in the summer. The 23-year-
Real Madrid train on Wednesday ahead of their first match back. Gareth Bale scored twice in the
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in Champions League final on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City. The Argentine has signed a
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico
Mike Brown has been out cold for approximately eight minutes. Harlequins full back hasn
Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed a 20th successive victory. The
Wakefield Broncos beaten 80-0 by Warrington Wolves in Super League. Coach James Webster
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into his Chelsea comeback. The striker is expected to
Kevin Streelman won the par-three contest at Augusta National on Wednesday. The cadd
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing at Augusta National on Monday. The former world No 1 was seen
Marc Leishman withdraws from this year's Masters to be with his wife. Billy
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer. The Chilean has
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium. The defeat leaves
Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season. John Stones was on the
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday. Ross Barkley was withdrawn with
Roberto Martinez has rejected claims he is stubborn in his tactical approach. The Everton boss has been
Romelu Lukaku's agent said he would never have signed for Everton had he been
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 Premier League games. Eden Hazard is the odds-
Tottenham will travel to Kuala Lumpur for a pre-season friendly. Harry Kane could miss the
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy
Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught in the face by Charlie Adam
EA Sports' Performance Index is the official player rating index of the Premier League. Baf
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ander Herrera scored
Manchester United duo flew out to Lisbon on Easter Sunday. Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Wayne Rooney scored a
Liverpool face Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Philippe Coutinho believes
Alan Pardew has won nine Premier League games in charge of Newcastle. The Newcastle boss
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers is ready to
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. Owen
Bastian Schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle problem against Dortmund. Bayern Munich
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. Manuel Neuer
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a
Gary Hooper came off the bench to score stoppage-time winner against Bolton. Former
Alex Pritchard scored the only goal of the game in the 21st minute. Darren
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' The Latics drew 2-
Troy Deeney is hoping to lead Watford to the Premier League. Deeney
Saido Berahino is likely to be away with England under 21s. The striker
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million. Tony Pulis is adamant
Leicester are bottom of the Premier League and six points adrift of survival. Nigel Pearson insists
Barcelona's Neymar was substituted during the 2-2 draw at Sevilla. The Brazilian
Mateo Musacchio suffered a broken fibula and dislocated his left ankle. The
Manuel Pellegrini says City's academy players are not ready for first team. The
Tracey Neville is Gary Neville's twin and is Phil's best mate. The 38-
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Gary Neville said
Rangers slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South on Thursday night. Kenny
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo Sevens World Series.
Jake Drage was taken into custody in June last year. He was jailed after a crash
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester. Wayne Rooney, Rad
Atletico Madrid took the lead through Mikel Gonzalez after 10 minutes. But the former Manchester
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Ray
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after losing to Andy Murray. The
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. The Gunners have
Jennifer Aniston works out three times a week with her long-term trainer. Sessions include
Incident occurred at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park. CCTV shows man trying
Sepp Blatter received the full backing of African football's president Issa Hayatou.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold in 2013
Gary Barlow surprised Danielle Jones and her family by singing. The Take That star had promised
Andy Murray and Kim Sears have been friends for years. The couple have been friends for a
Deanna Robinson, 38 weeks pregnant, was arrested at her parents' home. She says
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Surrey but died the
The cricketing legend was laid to rest at a private service in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, gave Hillary Clinton's video an 18 rating.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw in first leg. At
Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak kept Real Madrid at bay in the Champions League quarter
Brighton held to a goalless draw by Huddersfield at Brighton. Demar
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game in the first half. The Owls
Jake Hall scored with his first touch for Boston United on Monday. His on-screen girlfriend
Barcelona drew 2-2 away at Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday. Neymar was
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season. The 19-year
Donna Christie, 44, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow. She
Scottish comedian Limmy, 38, starred in the BBC comedy Limmy's Show. The
Dane Bouris, 33, was a contender for 2013's Cleo Bachelor of the Year
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK were asked what common events make
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after dental treatment.
Embryoombo technology allows medics to capture the process of IVF. Images show
Izzy Brown scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 4-0. The 18-year
Clarence Habersham, 37, was the second officer to arrive at the body of Walter
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, were featured in Hillary Clinton's 2016 White
LeBron James, 30, posted emotional farewell letter to Lauren Hill via Twitter on Friday. The
Bricks fell nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Tottenham are interested in Cologne defender Kevin Wimmer. The 22-year-old is wanted
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City's Yaya Toure this summer. Serie A
Arsenal, Newcastle and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante. The midfielder has
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new Liverpool contract. Paul Sch
Jose Luis Gaya is wanted by Chelsea and Manchester City. The left-back is a
Pop star has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension. Williams angered neighbour Jimmy
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer. She was arrested at
Girl was outside shops in Brighton, East Sussex, when the dog attacked her. She suffered
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon. He jumped into deep waters at East Qu
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento has been hired as a coach of a
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach. Labbadia has been in
Hibernian would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off profits to lower
Newcastle slipped to a fifth successive defeat at Liverpool on Monday. John Carver insists his side
Siem de Jong suffered a collapsed lung in February. The £6million summer signing was initially
Justin Rose will tee off in the final pairing with Jordan Spieth. World No 1 Rory
Aljaz Bedene is fighting to overturn ITF ruling that he can't play for
Novak Djokovic apologised via Facebook to ball boy he frightened. World No 1 lost
Lewis Hamilton will start ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton was four tenth
Lewis Hamilton is second fastest in the Shanghai International Circuit. Hamilton is now 41 points behind Mercedes
Daniel Ricciardo has called for Red Bull to go back to basics. Australian driver finished
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Steeple Chase.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies. Bell was
Jimmy Anderson was given a special silver cap by Mike Atherton. Both teams stood either
Jonathan Trott was caught at first slip in his first Test back in the team. Tro
Manchester Thunder netball video features Phil Neville, Paul Scholes and Gary Neville. Thunder team
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series. The 24
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future. Everton boss wants to keep
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Costel Pantil
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle at
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead in their encounter against Inverness. Edward
Jackie McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week. Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in the Championship on Thursday. Nicky Law
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nick
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings against Liverpool. But the Newcastle
Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side can catch Manchester City in the Premier League
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 Premier League games. Osp
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth Team League. Goals from Izzy
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final. Under 19s will start as
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. D
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role. The job title
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Sean Kelly believes it is time for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's
Jordan Spieth came close to winning the Masters last year. The 21-year-old
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose all
Rory McIlroy will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore. Tiger Woods
Rory McIlroy could face record high temperatures on first day of play. Temperatures expected
Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trailrors in only game on NBA schedule. Brook Lopez led the way
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday. Kawhi Leonard scored a
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. Paul Millsap left the game
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night. The champions are in fourth
Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for Chelsea against QPR at Loftus Road
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus. The 24-year
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final. Diego Simeone
Real Madrid face local rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last eight. Carlo Ancel
Roberto Carlos is targeting a job as Brazil manager. The 42-year-old says he
The Southern All-Stars beat the Northern North in our simulated All-Stars game. Alexis
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Barcelona have
Thiago Silva says Barcelona are the best three players in the world. Barcelona host PSG
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last 16. Carlo Ancelotti's
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Lucas Moura has praised Lionel
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup on Saturday. Zlat
Medhi Benatia suffered a muscle injury against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday. Bayern
FIFA's ethics committee is investigating allegations of match-fixing. South Africa's sports minister
Rajasthan Royals player offered money to influence a game last month. player reported the incident
Nikola Karabatic and his brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the
Rangers boss Stuart McCall admits he is taking life at Ibrox in his stride.
Stuart McCall has warned Tunisian defender Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South after 33 minutes. Gavin Reilly doubled
Tim Visser wants to end his career at Edinburgh by winning silverware. The Edinburgh
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night. Aaron Wilbraham
New 'indie' music is being added to American Airlines' new playlists. The
Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to Spain is a
Gregory van der Wiel says he's happy at Paris Saint-Germain. The
Nasr Bitar spotted the car inMississerie, Canada, last autumn. He
Jordon Ibe posted on Instagram, showing off his impressive dance skills. The 19-
Liverpool have lost four of their last five Premier League games. Brendan Rodgers says his side have
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their tour. Al
Xabi Alonso falls over during training as the ball approaches him. The midfielder is flat on
Samir Nasri dined out in London with girlfriend Anara Atanes. Manchester City
LeBron James says drills at the dentist are the sort of thing NBA stars should expect. Cleveland
Preston North End's Kevin Davies suffered a broken hand in February. The 38-year-
Ander Herrera says he bares his name on the back of his shirt for superstitious
Danny Welbeck and Liverpool squad were spotted at Manchester Arena. Jose Enrique was also in attendance
Marcos Rojo is enjoying a family holiday in Portugal. The Manchester United defender was pictured with
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke City. The
The Sensitive Needs Housing Unit is a low-security unit within Level IV maximum-security
Roy Keane denies committing a public order offence in road-rage incident. Former Manchester United captain
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup fourth round on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers set his side the
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty
Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on opponent Mu Kanazaki's face. The 23-
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. Ronaldo has
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with
Ruby Walsh appears to jump over a moving car in Paddy Power advert. The two-
Gary Mabbutt was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17. The Tottenham legend was told
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season after 31 games. But the Gunners have
Jack Wilshere is the latest player linked with a move to Arsenal. The 23-
Rio Ferdinand has played just five Premier League games this season. The 36-year-old
QPR's Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015. That is second highest tally in
Tim Sherwood threw his gilet to the ground in celebration after Christian Benteke equal
Jack Wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from ankle injury. Arsenal midfielder came through
Crystal Palace co-chairman Steve Parish posted picture on Instagram. Parish was with Roy Hodg
Didier Drogba spotted talking on his phone in London on Tuesday. Chelsea striker was
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich. The Dutchman was
Tim Sherwood was in despair as Aston Villa were denied a point against QPR. Villa
Bubba Watson is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta National this week. Watson is the
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night. The pair were both
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on anger management course. The 22-
McLaren driver Jenson Button believes his team have a 'long way to go' Button and
Stan Collymore covers the match against QPR at Villa Park. Former Villa striker was
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey.
Manchester derby is one of the biggest match-ups in world football. City travel to Old
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final at Ewood Park. Brendan Rodgers'
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth launches stinging attack on England. Booth says national team have lost
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the
Kondogbia is a Liverpool target and has been a key player for Monaco. The
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia. The club have agreed to a short
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with
Stuart Broad slipped in his delivery stride during England's match in St Kitts. Broad required
Supposed images of Man United's home, away and third strips leaked online. Adidas have
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract talks with Bayern Munich. The former Barcelona boss has
Phil Jagielka has been a fan of Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Harry Dowd was a Manchester City goalkeeper for nine years. He famously scored for City,
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Manchester derby. The striker has missed Manchester United
FC Chern bravts Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding. The club
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have been enjoying some time off. The pair have both bag
Restaurant owner was closing the shop in Shandong, China. She let the man into
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea. The Spaniard
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the mural
Newcastle fans planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham. Fans will turn up
Senad Loko scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. The
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in the 68th minute to move Real Madrid within four points of rivals
Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser for Liverpool. The Blackburn goalkeeper was in
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30. Liverpool captain was
Philippe Coutinho scored the winner in the first half. Simon Eastwood was denied in stopp
Jack Nicklaus hit an ace on the fourth hole at Augusta National. The 75-year
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final first leg. Philippe Cout
Liverpool have been poor in the Premier League this season. Brendan Rodgers' side have struggled for
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's FA Cup replay win over
Hector Bellerin is now Arsenal's premier right back. Bellerin has emerged as
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped
Celtic beat Partick 2-0 at Parkhead in the Scottish Premiership. Goals from Stefan
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 in the German Cup semi-final.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final. Isaac Buckley and Brandon
Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in Ricky Martin's La Vida Loco video.
Burnell Mitchell, 61, held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism. He is
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing
The banyan tree in Guangxi province is known for its extensive network of roots.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry is still England's best defender. The Italian says the
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower. The free-cl
Official inquiry concluded that fire was caused by spectator dropping cigarette. Fire at Valley Parade ground in
Man in his 70s killed after shooting daughter's boyfriend and police officer. After night of
Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation. 150 trolleys
Ri Sol-Ju seen next to husband Kim Jong-un during football match. Couple
Andrew Odell tweeted picture of rodent crawling around in loaf of bread. He said it was
The tiger slipped on icy icy ground and fell backwards. Photographer Libby Zhang was photographing
Jordan Morris scored his first international goal since March 2011. Juan Agudelo added his third
Bob Shannon, 59, charged with sexual assault against girl under 16. Shannon trained Ricky H
Manchester United left back Luke Shaw has revealed his side hung bird poo in their dressing room
Newcastle United dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side in a skip
Jurgen Klopp has announced he is to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. The Ghana international is
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months after biting Ronnie Henry. The 24
Lyon beat Bastia 2-0 in their opening game of the season. Alexandre Lac
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to save money. Dyke has identified
Bristol City earned promotion from League One with victory over Bradford City. The Robins earned a
Paul McGowan was spared jail for assaulting a policeman at Airdrie Sheriff Court. The
The Jeff Astle Foundation has raised awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from
NSW Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down. They are searching
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio. Barcelona are in France ahead
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot by police in Miami Gardens, Florida, on February
Suma was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013. She was initially given daily pain medication
The quake was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. The jolt
listing showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez. listing was deleted on Saturday and
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him constant pain and meant he had to use cr
Terry Richardson, 49, is known for his racy photo shoots. He is also known
Daniel Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA after allegedly elbowing FC
Footage shows tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises. When her back
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana. The pair
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is a good mimic
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done' The British
Shaqueel van Persie has inherited some of his dad's skills. The seven-
Jimmy Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
Matej Vydra's stunning volley puts Watford 2-0 up against Millwall
Joao Teixeira was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton. The
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment. The 19
11-year-old boy with autism draws world map from scratch. New Yorker took photos
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United. The German defender has
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the German Cup
Borussia Dortmund lost 1-0 to Bayern Munich in Bundesliga clash. Robert Lewandowski scored
John Terry played the full 90 minutes for Chelsea against QPR. Terry was involved in a
Chelsea travel to Loftus Road for their 700th game under Roman Abramovich. Jose Mourinho
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against
Jeremy Clarkson used word 'tosser' in comedy show W1A. BBC spokesman
First year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when
Polish woman has spent some time volunteering at C unflouro Onça Pintada.
New York State Senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized to Susan Del Percio, a Republican strategist
Kim Jong-Un was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang. Pictures show him smiling and waving
10 tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph were reported
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan. But two years on
Woman drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on London-bound route
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. United have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday. The Newcastle midfielder tore
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. Newcastle
Newcastle United have lost five of their last eight Premier League games. Jack Colback says Newcastle
Andy Lee was knocked to the canvas by Peter Quillin in the first round. Quillin
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters on Wednesday.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception at WWE event in Newcastle. Sunderland striker scored winner
Martin Montoya scored a lofted pass from 30 yards 'djected' into a basketball
Jose Mourinho insists he is improving in all aspects of his job. But he insists he is
Jose Mourinho has sided with Arsene Wenger in calling into question the legitimacy of the award.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 at the Masters. World
Kevin Pietersen was in deep thought as he posed for the Surrey team photo. The former
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par on his first round at Augusta. The world No 111
Arsenal are close to signing Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield. The deal has
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious boss. The Chelsea boss says
Leah Williamson took a penalty in the 96th minute to give England a 2-2 draw
The Masters gets underway at Augusta on Thursday. Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete a
Liverpool players declared Ladies Day at Aintree on opening day of Grand National Meeting. Brad
Michael Vaughan is favourite to become new director of England cricket. Vaughan has held talks with new
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 in a close match in Sheffield. Evans
Kell Brook received a hero's ovation at the Premier League Darts. The 28-
Manchester City face Manchester United on Sunday. Sergio Aguero's side are one point behind leaders
15-year-old boy cautioned after posting racist tweet at Arsenal striker. The message read
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August. The former world No 1
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in
Arsenal are looking for a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters after the first round at Augusta. Justin Rose and Ernie
Rob Green was denied three points at Aston Villa after being denied a hat-trick.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus. The pair were
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton will start second on
France federation looking for new coach after World Cup. Marc Saint-Andre has only won 15
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday. Northampton are clear
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor
Jason Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the Adelaide Strikers. Gillespie will
Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record. But Chris
Curtly Ambrose's pep talk must have worked on day two. England bowler Jason
Ben Stokes was denied the wicket of Jermaine Blackwood. Durham all-
Michael Vaughan criticises England's footwork and mindset. Former fast bowler Bob Willis says
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night. Arsene Wenger
Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick, says Roberto Martinez. The Everton
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban. Y
Harry Panayiotou has been named Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month.
Newcastle United had more than £34million in the bank at the end of last year.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday. Referee Andre
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute to give Chelsea the win
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002. The former West Brom striker
Diafra Sakho limps off after 58 minutes against Stoke with thigh strain. West
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston. Stuart McCall's side could go four
Shane Ferguson joined up with the Rangers squad in Glasgow this week. The Newcastle United loanee
Shane Ferguson is out injured with a knee ligament injury. The 23-year-old
Rangers have reassured fans that they still own trademarks and trademarks. Mike Ashley's firm have taken
Real Madrid were held to a 0-0 draw by Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Crist
Thibaut Courtois is targeting the Premier League title. The Belgian has already won the
Petr Cjobini feels Arsenal should target Chelsea goalkeeper. Cjobini feels the Czech Republic
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League last 16.
Liverpool and Italy striker Mario Balotelli acknowledged the anniversary on Instagram. Liverpool and Italy striker
Wales have climbed 15 places to No 22 in the FIFA world rankings. Chris Coleman's side
Jermain Defoe is the first Sunderland player to take on the challenge. The striker set
LaKenya Hall, 35, was arrested after driving six children to a fight. One
Luke Shaw has made just 17 appearances for Manchester United. The 19-year-old joined
Charlie Adam scored the best goal of his career at Chelsea. The Scotland international was left with
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham struck from inside
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea in 2009. The Stoke midfielder has scored a similar
Charlie Adam scored a direct shot from inside his own half for Chelsea. The Stoke midfielder was
Enner Valencia is available for West Ham United following a toe injury. James Tomkins has
Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite their decline. Cesc Fabregas
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Manchester derby. Dutch striker has missed last six
Dani Alves is out of contract at Barcelona at the end of the season. The club
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield (Monday 8pm) Mamadou Sakho will miss
Luis Suarez revealed he sneaked into the Nou Camp for a photo. The Uruguayan
Brendan Rodgers ignored warnings about striker Mario Balotelli. Liverpool boss hoped Balotelli was
Lucas Leiva missed three trips to Wembley due to injury. Brazil midfielder missed all three trips
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final first leg tie. Brendan
Derry Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city. Richar A
Newcastle United were beaten for the fifth successive time in the Tyne-Wear derbies
Kell Brook is keen to fight Amir Khan in the next 12 months. Brook is yet to
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night. Lionel Messi
Sevilla coach Unai Emery is seen gesturing on the touchline during games.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest
Rory McIlroy has won all four major titles at Augusta. But the world No 1
Alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster. Ferg
In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry. Stars
Liverpool and Newcastle players take part in minute silence before game. fixture at Anfield was preceded by
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final. The German champions are undefeated
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is eager to impress manager Luis Enrique. The German goalkeeper
Chelsea quartet Hazard, Courtois, Brown and Hazard celebrate Thai New Year. Song
Tiger Woods is ranked 111th best golfer in the world. The former world No 1
Rory McIlroy is in contention to win his first major at Augusta. The Northern Irish
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday. Gareth Bale is a
Brazilian football clubs put on alert after dengue fever outbreak. Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti suspended for Champions League tie. PSG
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Gianluigi Buff
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3. Hibs and promotion rivals Falk
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
Ben Flower was sent off in the Grand final of the Super League last October. The 28
Ben Flower landed punches on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final. The W
Kylie Leuluai has been told he needs surgery on his biceps. Leeds Rh
Manchester United will offer Robin van Persie £5million to leave Old Trafford. The Dutch
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield to close the gap on Manchester City. Rahe
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. Cristiano Ronaldo, Kar
YouTube user MicahMedia has created a video demonstrating the simple way to peel a hardbo
Thorpe Park has launched the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze. New Bush
Mike Tindall bought Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 times for Real Madrid in six years. Ronaldo is just seven
Southampton have scored just seven times in their last 10 league games. Ronald Koeman wants his
Eden Hazard is one of the Premier League's best players. The Belgian has been a key
Newcastle United fans are threatening to boycott the next home game. John Carver says he would
Alan Pardew says Sunderland fans should be wary of his side. Sunderland boss says Palace
Benaud was described as the 'Godfather of cricket' by Shane Warne. He
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is planning to extend the Britannia Stadium pitch. The Britannia
Mark Selby beat Elliot Slessor in the second round of the China Open. Ding
Rita, 24, has designed a range for adidas Originals. The star, 24
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma, a
Jose Mourinho has coached a host of world class players during his 15-year career. Petr
Philadelphia Office of Transportation is sending safety ads to pedestrians. Campaigners say they 'can't
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Vincent Kompany is an injury
Chelsea U19s side beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League. Dominic Sol
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England. Trott was
Manchester United face rivals Manchester City on Sunday. Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February. The 68-year-old
Fulham were 2-1 down at half-time when Ross McCormack opened the scoring
Arsenal face Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in the Premier League. Arsene Wenger
Chris Smalling has joined Twitter days before Manchester United's clash with Manchester City. The Manchester
Real Madrid face Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Gareth Bale is being rested by
Chris Ramsey will shake John Terry's hand in light of racist comments. Terry was banned for
Arsenal play Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday (8.30pm) Gunners
John Terry named Phillipe Coutinho as his PFA Player of the Year. Liverpool play
Chelsea have led the way since beating Everton 6-3 at Goodison Park. Jose Mourinho
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to the next four weeks with hamstring injury. Costa
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to sign top players. The former Manchester United defender believes
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford. Mats
Eden Hazard is a leading contender to win the PFA and Football Writers' awards. Jose
Benaud was a popular sports columnist and commentator for Australia. He wrote in 2005 that England
Niki Laudaaimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Justin Rose is joint third after a poor start to the US Open. The 2013 US Open
Padraig Harrington is back at Augusta after a year away. The American amateur is the
The Masters is one of the few sporting events offering food at reasonable prices. Lee Westwood
Arsenal will not be going to Australia and Malaysia after the season. Tottenham and Chelsea will also
Kevin Pietersen is in action for Surrey on day two of three-day match against Oxford
Alec Stewart is in the frame to replace the axed Paul Downton. Stewart is
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to reach their 100th Premier League
Police in Troy, Alabama, have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape of an unconscious
Michael Jacobs opened the scoring for Blackpool in the ninth minute. Eidur Gudjohn
Brandon Wyne, 17, and Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken
Oxford women's crew won the first boat race on the river Thames in 16 years. First
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in China. Rosberg missed
Arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham. The Gunners are seven points behind
Aaron Ramsey put Arsenal ahead with a smart finish at Turf Moor. Burnley defender Michael
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's celebration on Sky's Soccer AM. Adam
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious
Golfbidder.co.uk has teamed up with Sportsmail to offer one lucky reader
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead with his fifth goal in seven games. Darren
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall. Austin
Patrick Bamford scored his 17th goal of the season to give Middlesbrough a 1
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday. Benik Af
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads,
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, surrendered his state license to practice last month.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks. They were
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina,
Sherlock star challenged to table tennis match by ping pong legend Deng Yaping. Chinese legend
An unidentified man was caught on camera wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts. When he pulled over
Man United's Megastore staff are sweating over their futures. Nike will see their agreement
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund. The German coach
Unnamed worker was spotted on roof 30-feet above ground in Greenwich. Neighbour took
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in 2005 in the Champions League quarter-final. The match
New York City FC drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union in the MLS. David Villa was
Mateo Musacchio broke his ankle running for the ball as he ran for the ball
Robert Maaskant was furious after his side gave up a two-goal lead. The
Diego Maradona kicked out at steward after a charity match in Bogota. Argentina
Bournemouth beat Reading 2-0 at the Madejski Stadium. Callum Wilson
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Arsene Wenger says something
Luis Suarez scored twice against David Luiz in the Champions League. Suarez has scored 13 goals
Zlatan Ibrahimovic insulted a referee during PSG's defeat at Bordeaux.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on May 30. Steven Gerrard will
Wayne Rooney has revealed he is developing his own captaincy. The Manchester United captain was handed
Binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane
Boca Juniors beat Chilean sideoded well in Copa Libertadores last 16
Robert Durst, 71, is wanted on federal and state gun charges. He is believed
The 15-year-old girl was hit by a moving car in Warrilla,
A survey has shown Australia to be the most expensive country in the world for the fourth year
French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact
Zenit St. Petersburg took the lead through Aleksandr Ryazantsev.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women in Des Moines, Washington. Mother
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video stealing from passenger luggage. The
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank,
Carmem Dierks, 60, was arrested on Tuesday for running the dodgy practice
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park. The
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the Newcastle first-team. The Dutch midfielder has
Paul Gascoigne's daughter was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London.
Parma fined four points for breaching financial regulations. The sanction adds to three points they were
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger. Klopp has announced he will be leaving
Jurgen Klopp confirmed he is to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini
Dani Alves is out of contract at Barcelona and is set to leave. The Brazilian defender
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona. The defender is preparing
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute. Seamus Coleman was under
Everton have endured a poor start to the Premier League season. Everton have played 10 games in
Sergey Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday. The Ukrainian pole vault great is IAAF
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba. Jose Mourinho's
Chihuahua and bearded dragon show off their friendship in video. Video was shot in
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney. The video maker
Spencer Gerlach, 20, confessed to stabbing his ex-wife Keltsie Ger
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans his fitness regime is paying dividends. The Match
Southampton have struggled to find the net in their last six matches. Ronald Koeman's side
Jordan Spieth won the Masters for the first time in 39 years on Sunday. The 21
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title in emphatic fashion on Sunday. The 21-
Aljaz Bedene lost in the quarter-finals of the Grand Prix Hassan II in
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday. The pair
Andy Murray is set to marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane. Am
Saracens beat Leicester 26-17 at Allianz Park on Saturday. Tom Young
Harlequins beat Gloucester 26-17 at the Stoop on Saturday. Mar
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of day three.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record. The Lancashire
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again as England bowled West Indies out for
Aaron Finch must recover from hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Steph Curry made 77 attempts in a row during Golden State practice. The point guard hit the
San Antonio Spurs have released a hilarious music video. Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner,
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in overtime. C.J. Miles scored 25
Christian Benteke believes Aston Villa can still stay in the Premier League. Benteke
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates. Aaron Ramsey
Sunderland face a tough battle to stay in the Premier League. The Championship is a tough race
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to give Leicester a slim chance of survival.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Robert Huth
Jamie Vardy scored the winner in the 90th minute to give Leicester a 2-1
Chelsea were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd during the derby. Branislav Ivanovic
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes. Ramsey then saw C
Stoke have opened talks with Evian over a move for Daniel Wass. The Denmark international is
Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser for Stoke City. Aaron C
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland. The Dutchman has
Tottenham will play in the 2015 AT&T MLS All-Star game on July 29.
Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the FA's failure to deliver research
West Ham host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. The Hammers have lost four
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season. Manager Sam Allardyce doesn
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe' Messi has played at Celtic
Celtic could win the Scottish Premiership title if both sides win all their games beforehand. Ronny
Rangers and Hearts played on May 2 and 3, respectively. Sky Sports decided to screen the
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston. Myles Hippolyte gave the home
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches. The club have scored 298 times in
Barcelona beat PSG 3-0 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday. Luis Suarez
Daniel Carvajal appeared to bite Mario Mandzukic during Tuesday's Champions League
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Angel Rangel is
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm) Romelu Lukaku will
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month ach
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe. The
Raheem Sterling was caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break the hour record on June 7. The four-time
Former England cricketer Matt Prior is CEO of ONE Pro Cycling. The cycling team have
Team Sky's Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in the Tour de France. Wiggins is quitting the
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-kar pile-up in the final kilometre of
George Bailey will play second half of Sussex's NatWest T20 Blast campaign. Bailey will
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup. The Premier League rivals will
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 in the derby at the Mestalla on Monday night
Inter Milan are interested in bringing in Liverpool's Lucas Leiva and West Ham's Alex Song
Alberto Bueno could be heading for Porto at the end of the season. The former
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa with
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla, letting Real Madrid in and
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord after nine years at Liverpool and Fener
Edouard Duplan was substituted midway through the first-half. Referee blew on
Chelsea are in early discussions over a partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peru
Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal the lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor. The Welsh
Jordan Spieth shot a 66 to lead the Masters by five shots. He is now level
Dustin Johnson set new 36-hole record total of 14 under par. Johnson will start the
Derry Mathews will face Ismael Barroso for the WBA lightweight title
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday. The feather
Manny Pacquaio thanked Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support. The 36
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
Andy Murray marries Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane. The couple met as
Showtime released a short promotional video from inside the Mayweather camp. The American is preparing for the
Xabi Alonso admits he wants to win the Champions League. The 33-year-old
Real Madrid won their 10th European Cup last season. Karim Benzema believes his side
Diego Simeone has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players. Atletico Madrid take
Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the
Monaco beat Arsenal 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League tie. Leonardo J
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Carlos Tevez is one
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona. The
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League last 16 first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Alleg
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score in Italy than in England. The striker has
Juventus beat Parma 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday night. Jose Mauri scored
Nicky Law has scored 12 goals for Rangers this season. Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship. Yann Kerm
Blackburn Rovers were eliminated from the FA Cup by Liverpool. Gary Bowyer believes Rovers
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League. Urugu
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in six years. The
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke has
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the Bundesliga club. German
Liverpool and Everton supporters attended the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield. Steven Gerrard and
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two men praying at Anfield last month. He said: '
Barcelona beat PSG 3-0 in their Champions League tie at the Parc de Prin
Bayer Leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face lengthy ban after incident. The 34
Manchester derby between Manchester United and City is on Sunday. Police say they have no objections to
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking shisha. Liverpool have
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix. The Manor driver missed practice and
Castleford winger Justin Carney is set to be out for up to two months. The Australian
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. The 24-year-old has refused
Nathan Hughes was initially suspended for three matches after incident. But appeal was thrown out after a
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to win
Toulon beat Wasps 26-16 in the Champions Cup quarter-final first leg
Michael Phelps will return to swimming next week after six month ban. American was suspended by USA
Milinda Gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile. The Perth man
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie O
Caroline Wozniacki was in Indiana for the annual Easter Egg Roll. The World
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to The White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll
Family and friends broke down as they listened to 911 call made by witnesses. Chancey Luna
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti to move to
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel. Six passengers escaped the stricken jet without
Manchester United take on rivals City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Robin van Persie is not
Manchester United face Manchester City in the derby at Old Trafford. City have beaten United 1-
Manchester City face Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. City have won the last four matches
Manchester United host Manchester City in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal believes his side will
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford for Sunday's Premier League derby. Manuel Pellegrini
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been given a new lease of life. Rooney had previously been
Sunderland beat Newcastle 2-1 in the Wear- Tyne derby on Sunday. Jermain
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley against Newcastle. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning goal against Newcastle on Sunday. The Sunderland striker said he
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of
Jermain Defoe opened the scoring for Sunderland with a stunning left-footed volley. The
The Latvian boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago. The boy
Adele and Steven Worgan had pets Marley and Mitzy to play in front
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment. Half of those
Lady Sasima Srivikorn co-chairman of Reading Football Club. The 73
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media
Adam Peaty broke the world 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57
Dion Dublin made his BBC debut as a co-host on Monday morning. The former footballer
Manchester United travel to Chelsea for Premier League clash on Saturday. Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young travelled
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal has four players out injured
Frank Knight was ordered to pay £20,000 in damages after posting a disparaging status
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. The
Luke Shaw was substituted at half time during Manchester United's FA Cup tie. The £28
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan in 2013. Brazil playmaker has been nominated for
Chris Zebroski was jailed for four years and four months at Swindon Crown
Newcastle have won just two Premier League games under John Carver. Alan Pardew has
Wales climbed to 22th in FIFA world order to move within eight places. Aaron Ramsey admits
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun
Mesut Ozil says injury has helped him to play best football. German star says he
The plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport.
Bradford City's Valley Parade fire killed 56 people in 1985. Martin Fletcher claims fire was not
The explosion occurred around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown
The seven women and five men who voted to find the former New England Patriots star guilty of
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgos
Officials have complained the bronze sculpture of Yu The Great's wife has been worn down and disc
John Hargrove was a 14-year SeaWorld employee. He was a trainer
Video maker holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another.
Stains the dog was too comfortable in the sunshine to be a dog. The dog was
Brian the lar gibbon was captured strutting through Lake District Wildlife Park. The 50-
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa with her children last year. The 28-year
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Aaron Ramsey scored in extra time against Burnley in the FA Cup final. Welsh midfielder dedicated
Jessica Ennis-Hill has confirmed she will return to competition in London. The Sheffield-
City keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-
Thomas Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. Austrian defender
Roland Giroux filmed his pet cichlid cichlid in a tank in
Aaron Galloway, 23, left camera on flight to Prague. He was rumbled by
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for
Tottenham are out of the Europa League after poor results against Burnley and Aston Villa. But
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer. Liverpool defender suffered
Rory McIlroy finished on 12 under par after a final round of 66. The American
Maria Sharapova pulls out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg injury
Sania Mirza became the first Indian woman to reach the top of the WTA doubles
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff confident the matter has been laid to rest. Rosberg be
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says team may have to make 'un unpopular call' for
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says Lewis Hamilton is not selfish. Hamilton won his second
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton after Chinese Grand Prix. German claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during
Hamilton and Rosberg had a row in the first-class cabin of their Emirates flight.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium in the Aviva Premiership
Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has had his Moldovan passport approved. The 24-
Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday. He will be
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson has urged his players to keep their cool. Foxes host Swansea on
Raheem Sterling pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe. The Liverpool
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 in the Scottish Cup semi-final first leg
Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers last month. Newcastle owner loan
Real Madrid could play in grey and yellow away kit next year. The home kit will feature
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals. Maria Shar
Manchester United's Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award. Mata scored both United
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt. Obama said he 'had
Usain Bolt will compete at the World Relays in the Bahamas. The Jamaican star
Michael Phelps entered in five events at Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa. Phelps is entered in
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's
Manchester United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form. United have won six successive matches and
Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. World
Emmanuel Adebayor has rejected reports linking him with a move away. The 31-
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour under Mauricio Pochettino. Tottenham will
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a penalty in the 72nd minute to secure victory. Wolfsburg advance to
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in Bundesliga on Saturday. The
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in build-up to Barcelona goal
Chelsea's on loan midfielder Oriol Romeu goes up against Martin Keown. The pair
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League. The defeat was
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final. Two goals
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice manager. Guardiola saw his side outplayed in Portugal
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's relegation battle with Q
Jason Brown was racially abused by a supporter last October. John Wild was given a three-
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games behind closed doors. Club have already been fined
AC Milan's under-10s allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse. Kevin Prince
Kevin Pietersen has won PR battle with the England and Wales Cricket Board. KP's agent
Jockey Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride. Coleman
Ben Flower led the scorers with a song after being sent off in October. The 27
Ben Flower returns from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia. Ben Flower returns
Sam Tomkins has agreed to re-join Wigan on a four-year contract.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent. Swansea's Gerhard Trem
Leicester have lost three of their last four Premier League games. Nigel Pearson has taken advice from
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford holding company. Pal
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality. She was rem
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. Gareth
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin problem. The
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw against
Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full
Swansea beat Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park on Saturday. Garry Monk wants to stop
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding his future. Michu has been out
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds United's sporting director. Massimo Cell
Burnley have struggled for goals in recent weeks. Danny Ings has not found the net
Tim Sherwood scored the winner for Aston Villa against Tottenham. Christian Benteke scored the
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead in the 21st minute.
Cristiano Ronaldo's availability is key for Real Madrid. Iker Casillas, Toni
Fernando Torres scored his first league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. The
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave the ECB. Downt
Jimmy Anderson is in Antigua for his 100th Test on Monday. Anderson says he
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test. Moeen
Andrew Strauss says Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket. Piet
Thierry Henry hailed Francis Coquelin's display in Arsenal's 1-0 win
Stoke took the lead through Aaron Cresswell's superb free-kick. Marko Arn
Michael Owen dismissed Charlie Adam's goal as a Goal of the Season contender. Owen revealed the
Manuel Pellegrini admits he could be sacked if he finishes outside Champions League places.
Sarah Sparkman, a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized
Deputy Michael Hubbard from the Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman. She
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January. Bogard was
USC women's tennis team beat UCLA 3-2 in PAC-12 championship. Team finished
Three people have died after a crush developed outside Tsunami nightclub. Crowd were trying to
Stephen Taylor went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent. 54
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria. The crabs
Jacob Polyakov and Jamal Maslow were in intensive care after the accident. The boys slid
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted Match of the
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second.
Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray has worked for the BBC since 2004. He
Lewis Hamilton celebrated winning the Chinese Grand Prix by spraying a hostess. Hamilton's celebration has
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Fabricio Coloccini has been skipper since 2011 but will be strip of that.
Manchester City beat Manchester United 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Wayne Rooney revealed
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary. Young has revived his
Tom Ince scored twice in the second half as Derby drew 4-4 at Hudd
Yaya Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season. Manuel Pelleg
Vincent Kompany may miss the remainder of the season with a muscle injury. The Chilean
Nico Rosberg feels he has a psychological advantage over Lewis Hamilton. The German was criticised for
Pep Guardiola is the Bayern Munich coach. Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in 2012
Gary Neville believes Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement is Jose Mourinho's appointment as Manchester United boss
Fire crew in Boise, Idaho, called for help after hearing people shouting. They found par
YouTube user Elman governs cracked open an over-sized egg laid by one of his he
Roma drew 1-1 at home to Atalanta in Serie A to move level on
Napoli beat Cagliari 1-0 at the Sant'Elia
Karim Benzema limped out of Real Madrid training with a knee problem. Carlo An
Ministers refused to give refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through.
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, of Manchester, were arrested on
A man slipped onto 15 Street Station tracks on Wednesday night. His would-be rescuer
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a
month-old cubs were unveiled to press and public at Leningrad Zoo. The
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's
Footage shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy. The pup briefly pauses
Gareth Bale went down with a calf strain after just two minutes. The Welshman faces a
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh, North Carolina. Kimberly Dianne
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. BMW says
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Miranda. The defender is keen on
Manchester City have been linked with a move for Liverpool's Raheem Sterling. Joe Hart
Pedro would command £90,000-a-week wages at Barcelona. The 27-
Chelsea are favourites to agree terms with Kenedy. Fluminense have agreed to sell
Robin van Persie has been out of action for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury
Mats Hummels is considering a move to Manchester United, says Franz Beckenbauer
Yaya Toure is a top target for Serie A giants Inter Milan. The midfielder is
Mats Hummels admits he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The defender has
Arsenal close to signing Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield. The 16-year
Josh Kerr, Owen Wright and John John Florence all suffered the devastating and nasty wipe-outs
Steven Gerrard set to start FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Gerrard has been
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. The
Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer and is expected to sign a new
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burn
Manchester United have won 25 points from their last 10 games. Paul Scholes says Angel di
Calum Chambers has made 36 appearances for Arsenal this season. The 20-year-old
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Tim Sher
Jose Mourinho says it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea. Chelsea boss has been forced
Manny Pacquiao is preparing to face Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas. The fight is expected
Jordan Spieth won the Masters by four shots after a final round of 18. The 21
Rafa Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios make their Wimbledon debuts. Raonic
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4
The French Open takes place at Roland Garros on May 24. Rafael Nadal and Maria
Felipe Massa is confident he has silenced critics following his storming start to the new
Lewis Hamilton says champagne-spraying of a grid girl was 'a fun thing' Hamilton
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at podium girl Liu Siying, 23, at Chinese Grand Prix.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull that the engine problems will
Many Clouds won the 2015 Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. The 25-1
The Grand National begins on Sunday at Aintree. The race is the highlight of the
AP McCoy has vowed to end his racing career immediately if he wins the Grand National. The
Saracens back row Billy Vunipola has been called before a disciplinary panel.
Nathan Charles has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old has
Scotland international Matt Scott has been ruled out until the end of the season. Scott had surgery
Alex Hales is hoping for more continuity when England resume ODI schedule. Big-hitting
Mustafa Kamal resigned after voiced his disquiet at umpire calls. The Banglades
Gary Ballance hit 122 as England took control of first Test against West Indies. Ballance
Gary Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root have all left England. Former captain Andrew Flint
Gary Ballance and Jos Buttler both hit a shot from the Ballance and Ian Bell
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Lobils beat San Antonio Spurs
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez scored
Alan Pardew has warned admirers that bidding will have to start at £20m
Hull City host Southampton at St Mary's (Saturday 3pm) Filip Djuricic
Southampton have won all six remaining games to stay in the top four. Ronald Koeman's
Ryan Bertrand was called up to the England squad last month. The Southampton left-back
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona. Moroccan
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year. Spurs boss Mauricio Poc
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kil
Ronny Deila hailed Leigh Griffiths for his hat-trick in Celtic's win
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini. Mourinho
Rangers dropped points against Livingston by drawing 1-1 at Hampden. Stuart McCall's
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400m. He said Labour
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead early in the second half. Graham Dorrans made up
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Simon Migno
Porto took the lead through Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez. The former Barcelona team
Lazio have won eight of their last eight Serie A matches. The Biancoceleste
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby. Louis van Gaal has transformed his
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in their Premier League clash. Chris Smalling scored
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of
Fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in Rio's waterways. The Rodrigo de Freitas
Paris-Roubaix riders breached barrier as train approached. Last of the riders went
Liverpool face Manchester City at Anfield on Monday night. Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho limped off during the FA Cup quarter-final win
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City's 4-2 defeat by
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. The Finn has
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event. The Premier League stars
Manny Pacquiao trains on the streets of Los Angeles ahead of his bout against Floyd Mayweather
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday night. Toni Dug
Manchester United are favourites to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings. Liverpool maintain an interest in
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time. City have struggled in
David Villa joined the New York Stock Exchange this season. The 33-year-old joined
Craig Gardner scored the second goal of the game as West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0
Rafa Benitez is still popular at Liverpool, but he has few regrets. Nap
Ben Flower was suspended for six months after punching Lance Hohaia in the Grand Final.
Alan Stubbs' side beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-
Dejan Lovren brought down Ayoze Perez in the 38th minute. Sky Sports
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his remaining fixtures this
Norwich took the lead through Norwich's Alexander Tettey's early header. The win puts
Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League. Boro face
Watford moved up to third in the Championship after a 2-1 win over Nottingham Forest
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Reading fan Ryan
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set
Sven Goran Eriksson says City should be winning Premier League. Former Manchester City boss
Manchester City beat rivals Manchester City 1-0 in the derby. Sergio Aguero opened the
Paul Scholes believes there is no British manager who can turn the fortunes around. Scholes
Jurgen Klopp announced he is leaving Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. Dietmar Hamann
Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute. Watford
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Neville.
David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva. Former Chelsea defender was
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Dist
Leigh beat Salford 22-18 in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup. Leigh's
UAE government keen to boost national profile by hosting the World Cup. World Cup has only ever
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games. Paul Anderson
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal thanked
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's
Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by United in the Premier League. Yaya Toure
England were dumped out of the World Cup group stages. Brendon McCullum and Alex H
Kevin Pietersen is in the running for a recall to the England squad. Andrew Flintoff
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty
Michael Vaughan praised Alastair Cook in the commentary box. Vaughan is currently working as part
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in Bundesliga last 32. Pep Guardiola's side have
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will not be with Bayern Munich
Raheem Sterling is a primary target for Manchester City this summer. The Liverpool forward is
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday. Daley Blind has
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 in the derby at Old Trafford. Angel di Maria
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegr
England take on the West Indies in their first Test on Monday. James Anderson is England's
England fast bowler James Anderson is set to play his 100th Test. Anderson needs three
Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by seismic changes. England face West Indies
Kevin Pietersen hit 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket.
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot in extra time. Federici was inconsolable
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted, but wants to finish on
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Ander
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, 8, has been bullied for more than a
Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song people fall asleep to. The
Pennsylvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide. She is accused of
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started
Steven Gerrard looked glum after being knocked out of the FA Cup. The Liverpool captain was
Oldham council moved the Broadway Allotment Association to new allotments. The association's
Ankit Keshri had suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The
Manchester United and Manchester City dined at San Carlo Italian Restaurant. Angel di Maria, Pablo
Doncaster Rovers and Fleetwood Town played out goalless draw. Doncaster's
Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage. He was
Mohammad Shatnawi's own goal will be considered one of the strangest ever.
The Queen made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden
Lionel Messi has scored 32 goals for Barcelona in all competitions. The Barcelona star has kept a
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed some fun in the sun. Manchester United duo
Christian Eriksen pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist in central London. Danish midfielder
Jack Wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support. The Arsenal midfielder
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a rupt
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of
David Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed. The Austrian international
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday. The
Gunmen stormed Corinthians' fan club in Sao Paulo on Saturday night. They ordered the victims
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City. The Argentine striker has scored
Briony Ingerson posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend dressed in black.
Great grey owl stalked rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada. Its eyes
David Raven scored the winner in extra time to send Inverness through to the William Hill
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's
ISIS released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos, showing off their growing number of military markets
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000. He
The 31-year-old man posted an advertisement on Gumtree. He detailed his dream
About 300 homes were evacuated in an area along the border of Norco and Corona, 35
Jacqueline Carr, 65, was killed when a tree smashed into her vehicle. The woman
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition. This while
Jerald Christopher 'aline' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested
Rihanna, 27, was at Coachella music festival in Indio, California.
Villagers dug a 46m well in Shaanxi Province, central China. When they
English Bulldog puppy named Hazel is seen jumping onto the basket. She is shown trying to
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS' in
Ian Wright has praised Jay Dasilva following Chelsea's Youth League win. Wright said the
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over
Tim Sherwood said his Aston Villa team 'bamboozled' Liverpool. The Villa
Hans-Wilenzie Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich after injury complaint.
Hans-Wilarry Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich this week. The
Randy Lerner missed Villa's 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley. The American owner is
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. The Chelsea boss
Paul Smith faces world super-middleweight champion Carl Froch. Andre Ward is ranked among
Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised. Gavin
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer. The Argentine striker
Real Madrid are monitoring Raheem Sterling, says Zinedine Zidane. The
Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League tie against Atletico Madrid.
Manchester City Under 18s face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final. Manager Jason Wilcox
Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage. He
Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season to give Elche 1-0
Nottingham Forest keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes. Forest manager Dougie Freedman wants to
Hannover have been without a win in 13 games. Michael Frontzek has been named as
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal. The German forward
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round. Crawford won the WBO
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a majority decision. The Argentine landed
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in Liverpool on Saturday night. Mathews was handed a
Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered the best. Pacquiao's trainer says
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016. The
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio. The British
Jordan Spieth won The Masters after a four-shot victory over Justin Rose and Phil Mic
Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter. But the 24
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in Monaco last
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo.
Mercedes duo will face off in Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton insists he will do his
Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude win the Grand National at Twicken
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition. Billy Vunipola
Billy Vunipola was cited for an alleged butt during Saracens' win over
James Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record for wickets with hissteepest 10
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series. The former
Lord's cricket ground to be transformed to include a new 'tired' Tavern and Allen
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February due to knee problems. The 68
Tottenham face Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday. Pochettino is unsure if a
Ronny Deila says TV should not control kick-off times. Celtic take on In
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League tie against Atletico. The French
Charlie Austin is in contention for a call up to England's squad. The QPR striker
PFA announce Women's Player of the Year nominees for 2014-15 season. Eniola
Toni Duggan posted a photo of herself with Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal on Instagram
Celtic were denied a penalty for a handball by Inverness in the first half.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Invern
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield
Bournemouth face Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday and Bolton on nine days. Eddie Howe's side
Southampton have been linked with a move for Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne. The Dutchman says
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men.
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away. The Southampton defender has been
Preston held 2-2 by Gillingham in the Championship. Jermaine Beckford
Aaron Cresswell has been a good addition to West Ham's Premier League. John Stones
Ryan Mason was celebrating Andros Townsend's goal for England. The 23-year-old
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title. Former defender Paulo
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro
Brendan Rodgers says Manchester City are bigger than Liverpool. Liverpool boss says a move to the Et
Roberto Mancini's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of
Tottenham will resist any offers for Danny Rose. The 24-year-old was signed up
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Wojciech Szczesny feels sorry for Adam Federici after his mistake
Wojciech Szczesny has been demoted to the substitutes' bench
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic ended on Monday. The Scot was appointed
Over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a roaring send-off at Aintree this week. The 40
Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Lionel Messi
Barcelona's Lionel Messi and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo could play in the All-Star
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing 2014. The Argentine says he was injured for
Randy Lerner is expected to attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool. American
Christian Benteke scored the opening goal of the game in the 35th minute. Tim
Christian Benteke scored the opening goal of the game in the 35th minute. Jan
Manchester City currently have a four-point lead over Liverpool in the Champions League. City have
Paul Gascoigne scored a ferocious free-kick at Wembley 24 years ago. The Spurs
Harry Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving QPR. The former Tottenham boss
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League last 16 on Wednesday. Arjen Robben
Michael Carrick wants to play in Formula One when his playing days are over. Manchester United
Jack Wilshere made long-awaited return from injury for Arsenal U21s. But
Arsenal legend Frank McLintock has praised Alexis Sanchez. The Chile international has scored 20 goals
Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions. Arsene Wenger's side have a
Serge Gnabry impressed for Arsenal last season before injury hit. 19-year-old
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around Rugby World Cup venues. Former England
Northampton Saints ended their unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership. Chiefs prop Tomas Francis impressed
Sale Sharks lost 25-23 at the Madejski Stadium in Reading. Sale still remain
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week
Liverpool have slipped to seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City. Brendan Rodgers' side face
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with a knee injury. Brendan Rodgers has been
Raheem Sterling is on a new £100,000-a-week contract at
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League final. Atletico Madrid will play a
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League last eight on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola has hailed
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were in deep conversation during Barcelona training. The picture became the perfect
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, says Jamie Carragher. Cout
Mario Balotelli has only scored once in the Premier League since his £16m move
Marouane Fellaini has been described as almost undroppable at the moment
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher believe Jose
Ipswich drew 1-1 with Wolves in the Championship on Saturday. Former Wolves boss Mick
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police. Manchester United, Liverpool
Manuel Pellegrini has come under fire after his side's poor start. West Ham
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival. The Fox
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, Eidur Gudjohnsen and
Paul McGowan was given a three-year curfew after assaulting a police officer. McGowan
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Portland past New
Lyon and Saint-Etienne drew 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby.
Randy Lerner was expected to attend the match at Wembley. The American had been tipped to make
Turkish football in Turkey suspended for one week following attack. Two people have been detained in connection
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr on May 2. The Filipino-fighter
Manny Pacquiao is in Las Vegas for a mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather. The
Ronnie O'Sullivan will face Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World
Ken Doherty is two frames away from exit the Betfred World Snooker Championships.
Ronnie O'Sullivan is the UK's five time world champion. The 39-year-
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pelleg
Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by Manchester United at Old Trafford. Joe Hart was disappointed
Manchester United humiliation of neighbours City continued their outstanding record against the Premier League's top seven.
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of the five men arrested after raids on Saturday
Nine foot bull shark was spotted swimming past condo on Hickory Island. Homeowners say fishermen
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear
Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child. The
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. But United's
Andy Lee will fight Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday. Quillin failed to make
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 and 119-110
Carl Frampton has dismissed a £1.5m offer from Scott Quigg as a
Peter Houston was criticised for comments made after Hibernian beat Falkirk 1-0.
Fiorentina conceded a late goal against Verona to miss a penalty. Alessandro
Lilly Pulitzer's 250-piece collection for Target sold out almost immediately Sunday morning. The items
shop, which will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, due to open in Mecca
Diego Simeone admits surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe. Atletico Madrid
Grayson Hand, 5, joins the University of Connecticut baseball team with the help of Team Crunch
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to clinch Evo-Stik
Manchester United to hand trials to Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. Central
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team. Buffon has
Real Madrid have not beaten city rivals Atletico Madrid since May 2012. Cristiano Ronaldo's
Derby are looking to secure promotion from the Championship. Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace
Joe Gomez is valued at £8m by Charlton and is wanted by Arsenal. The
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach. The
Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK have launched Football Shirt Friday. Fans wore old or new
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday. The 34
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday. The famous trophy
Wellington Silva has finally received clearance to make Arsenal bow. The 22-year-old Brazilian
Mario Mandzukic was a massive force as he played rough against Real Madrid. Mand
Jan Oblak cost £11.5m (£11.5m) and is
FIFA 16 is being released by EA Sports on Wednesday. Wilfried Zaha posted a photo
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The 26-year-old
Jurgen Klopp announced he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Klopp said
Matthias Sammer believes Bayern Munich must start focusing on the future. Bayern Munich must make
FC Rostov defender Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru
Brazilian coach Ze Maria sacked for second time in a week. Brazilian was fired after a poor
Benik Afobe is just one ahead of Harry Kane in the Premier League. The striker
Jesper Blom obligist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris received influx of messages. One woman suffered chest pains, nausea
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will face Lionel Messi in the Champions League. PSG beat Paris
Saudi Arabian Airlines sacked five baggage handlers after video surfaced online. The 90-second clip was
The custom-made piano was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha
Charlene of Monaco presented award to tennis star Novak Djokovic. The ceremony was
Vivid Sydney festival features light installations and music. Each winter since 2009 the city has come
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page. Anyone
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts
WPLG reporter Roger Lohse was reporting on a brush fire in southwest Miami-
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Opera House has gone viral for
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, charged with endangering the welfare of a child. Layla
The video will be played during the 47 seconds it takes visitors to reach the 102nd floor
Campbell is selling a £6.75million Chelsea flat for £6.75million.
Four men appeared in Nova Scotia court where they were given bail conditions. Bail was set
The 80-year-old designer spoke of his disapproval of breast enlargements. He also
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua. He
Zinedine Zidane confident PSG can progress to the Champions League. PSG
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League last-16 first leg. The Spaniard
Bonnie the Sato is afraid to eat alone and her new owner is fed up with her
Black bears spotted in Government Hill neighborhood of Anchorage. Officials say they will kill the family after
Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage. He was
England will not be fielding a side in the Victory Shield competition. The Football Association have taken
Salford City clinched Evo-Stik League First Division North title. S
Southend United move into fourth place after a 1-0 win over Bury on
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 in League One on Tuesday night. League One
Luke Bryant, 25, was angry after Arsenal lost 2-0 to Southampton. He ran
Steven Gerrard will not be given a special trophy at Liverpool, says Kolo Toure.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's match against Poverty. The Chelsea striker picked
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth is not the only rival Rory McIlroy has
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after a disappointing final round. The American had missed the
Caroline Wozniacki made her Roland Garros debut as a 17-year-
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades N
Many Clouds won Saturday's Grand National on 11st 9lb. Trainer Oliver Sherwood has
Ruby Walsh warned the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to stricken B
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. Last year's winning j
Clermont face Saracens at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday
Olly Barkley signs new contract extension at London Welsh. The 33-year-old had
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds. Ulster and Ireland prop
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens. The Argentinian kicks
Andy Goode slammed Christian Wade for dropping out of a charity event. The former England U
Clermont will face Saracens in the Champions Cup semi-final. Jonathan Davies
Jeff Williams will join Bath at the end of the season. The 26-year-old
SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history. BT had agreed to
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies. Colin Graves
Livingstone hits 350 for Lancashire in National Club Championship match. 21-year-
Alex Hales scored 222 not out as Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven. Hales
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood are pushing for a place in England's attack. Moe
Kevin Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013. The Surrey
Mark Selby beat Ronnie O'Sullivan 6-3 in first round match at Cru Cru
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former
Mark Selby will face Kurt Maflin in the first round of the Cru
Michael Phelps won the 100 metres butterfly at the Arena Pro Swim Series. The 18-time
Liam Phillips hopes to win the BMX world title at the 2016 Olympics. The 26-
Aaron Cook, 24, has applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor I
Middlesbrough beat Arsenal Under 21s 3-2 at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Manchester United beat Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the winning
Tony Pulis is in his seventh season in the Premier League. The West Brom boss has
Hull City face Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday. Tigers boss Steve Bruce admits his side
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Nigel Pearson's side
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been urged to invest in the club. Thousands of Newcastle fans boy
Newcastle would have been relegated if not for Alan Pardew's five wins. Newcastle would
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season.
Dele Alli was named Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday. The MK D
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton. The 18-year
Rangers currently lead the way in the Scottish Championship. Stuart McCall's side face Hearts in
Dave King is a 'fit and proper' person to be Rangers chairman, says SFA
Liverpool have made their play for Danny Ings, Rickie Lambert and Mario Balotelli
Broadhurst Park is the eighth wonder of the world. The new ground cost the democratic club
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family. He has
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid. Barcelona want to
Wojciech Szczesny played the full 120 minutes of Arsenal's FA
Newcastle United fans planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs. The Magpies have
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City. But Sam Allardy
Ross McCormack gave Fulham the lead after eight minutes at The Valley. Charlton hit
Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show consistency since England duty. Pochett
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg first leg. Gian
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad. The 29-
Amir Khan has said he does not know who he will fight on May 30. The American
Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of himself in a boxing ring. The Filipino is in
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe after half-time in the Sunderland derby. But
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Milos
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner in the Monte Carlo Masters quarter-finals. The Spani
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2
Chelsea are weighing up a move for Enner Valencia. Patrick Bamford is a transfer target
Patrick Bamford scored 19 goals in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves.
Wojciech Szczesny has been deposed as Arsenal's No 1
Steve Clarke admits Reading must be 'perfect' to beat Arsenal. Reading face the Gunners
Reading had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford in the last round. The Royals had
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford set to compete at Anniversary Games
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. The former Everton and Manchester City
NBC transported their entire Premier League production from their Connecticut HQ to England for this weekend's round
Manchester City trained on Wednesday ahead of West Ham clash. Sergio Aguero is back to his
David Villa cheered on Atletico Madrid during their Champions League tie. Villa joined New York City
Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico with 14 native Spanish-speaking players due
Ronda Rousey is in the camp of Manny Pacquiao ahead of his May 2
Floyd Mayweather holds open workout for media on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live from
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent in a music video. The Filipino boxer
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2. The
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti. Obi Oke
Floyd Mayweather is three-and-a-half pounds short of his limit. The champion
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months remaining on his current £90,000-a
Atletico Madrid have been able to replace stars like Diego Costa, Sergio Aguero and Rad
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final. Philipp Lahm gave
Milorad Mazic was booked for an elbow on referee Mario Mandzukic.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid defender Daniel Carv
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him. Atletico Madrid were
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Barcelona face PS
Tim Sherwood's victory at his former club Tottenham could be crucial for Aston Villa's survival
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years. The 22-
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film. The former Manchester United
Eric Cantona says Javier Pastore is the best player in the world. The former Manchester
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Eric Cantona
Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for the Owls.
Eddie Howe was frustrated by the decision to award Bournemouth a penalty. The Cherries
Marco Verratti has praised Zlatan Ibrahimovic for his 'essential' role.
Porto have gone unbeaten in the Champions League this season. Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi
Gonzalo Higuain gave Napoli the lead after 15 minutes. Marek Hams
Petr Cech posted a video on YouTube playing drums to 'pelledificent' by U2
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season
Todd Phillips was a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing. He
Arjen Robben has been out of action for the last four matches with a troublesome abdominal
Real Madrid's state-of-the-art training complex is located near the club's
Some Etihad season tickets have seen prices go up from £ Jasper to £1,750
David Silva was taken off after eight minutes following an elbow by Cheikhou Kouyate
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors. Russia goalkeeper
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 in their Premier League clash. Sergio Aguero opened
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira attend. City's
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Leonardo Jard
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. Jose Mourinho insists
Patrick Bamford hopes to win Championship Player of the Year award. The 21-year-
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season.
Newcastle United lost 3-1 at home to Tottenham in the Premier League. Fans protested against
Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's official fan club in Pakistan
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first ODI in Dhaka. Tamim I
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 in the Challenge Cup at the Odsal Stadium
In-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp. Murphy,
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since January 2012. The England
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Laurent Blanc's side
Javier Pastore dismissed Eric Cantona's view that he is the greatest footballer on the planet
Sean Reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in Chico, California. 30-
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season. The Tour Down Under
Eddie Hearn wants to fight Scott Quigg in Manchester. Matchroom Sport boss said he
Andy Lee takes on Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday. Quillin is a former
Kit Dale, a two-time World Pro Brazilianlbs-Jitsu champion, created the
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, was driving her teenage son, 13, on the
Women are looking for a home away from home in the UK. They are commissioning sheds
Lilly Pulitzer for Target sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting
Cassey Ho, 28, is the creator of the popular YouTube video series, The perfect
Celtic beat Dundee 2-0 at Den's Park on Wednesday night. Virgil van
Johnny Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep when he had the encounter. The
Eric Abidal believes Barcelona can win La Liga, the Champions League and Copa del Rey
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season. The 33-
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Old Trafford on Sunday. Danny Wel
Chelsea have signed Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic from Technogym. The Blues
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao show off toned physique. Filipino boxer looking to end
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez. Gutierrez was introduced
Raymond van Barnevald defeated Michael van Gerwen 7-3 in the 'battle
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud died last Friday of skin cancer. His family held a private
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates. Nacer Chad
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute. James Rodriguez doubled the
Josh Meekings was banned from the Scottish Cup final for one game. FIFA vice-
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Belgium last summer. The 20-year-old has
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference.
David Moyes left Manchester United after a dismal run of results. The Dutchman has been
The 50-year-old collapsed and died at his hotel in Kuta. A doctor
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d
Video shows a mechanical arm slamming into the bags and thrusting them onto a lower track.
Insurers increasingly checking people's social media accounts. They are using it as a reason not
Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona. He was charged with
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murf
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, accused of
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District
Passengers were not asked for documents but were allowed to walk past empty security cubicles.
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled. Comes as he turned
Video was shot outside by its owner Tracy, a German Shepherd puppy. The young German Shepherd
The'spider goat' was born 20 days ago in Chaohu, eastern China
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough from Chelsea. The Championship Player of the
Raheem Sterling was caught inhaling nitrous oxide by a balloon. Liverpool forward is
Porto were beaten 6-1 by Bayern Munich in the Champions League. The defeat was
James Milner will decide his future at Manchester City at the end of the season. Liverpool
Nathan is in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense. The attacking midfielder is due to
West Brom are weighing up the possibility of signing Nice forward Alassane Plea. Mont
Juventus want to sign PSG striker Edinson Cavani, according to Italian press. Manchester
PSV Eindhoven director Marcel Brands admits there is a high chance Memphis Depay
Andre Gomes insists he is happy at Valencia and wants to stay. The 21-year
Manchester United checked on Lazio's Felipe Anderson and Napoli striker Gonzalo Higu
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's Yoshinori Muto. The Japanese forward
Survey of 5,000 people found men are also guilty of taking selfies. ITV's Good
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the M1 near Watford.
Driver followed sat nav down country lane in Gloucestershire. He lost roof of l
Ignacio Piatti put the Impact ahead with a header in the first half. Nigel Re
Bolton defender Marc Tierney has been forced to retire due to injury. Bolton defender was set
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the U21s on Tuesday. The Dutch midfielder is
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. The Frenchman will be
Martin Skrtel has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from Anfield. The Liverpool
Liverpool have gone three campaigns without a trophy. Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a
David Silva was injured after being struck by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after Villa's win over West Brom. Villa fans spilled onto the
David Silva suffered no fractures after being caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 in the
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to race in France.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the last two European finals. The result will
Saracens face Clermont in the European Cup final on Saturday. Sarries beat
Zimbabwe have agreed to travel for a short one-day international series. Pakistan have been without
Devendra Bishoo will play in the second Test against England. West Indies captain Den
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first game for Surrey this season. But the Surrey bats
Alastair Cook is unbeaten in four Tests but has not scored a century since May 2013
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Warriors in play-off. Stephen Curry scored 11 first-
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield. The 40th
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. Sinclair has scored three goals
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The Burnley striker insists he
Fernando Torres has been a great friend of Steven Gerrard. The former Liverpool captain has struggled for
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle squad for Sunday's 3-1 defeat by Spurs. The
Four Queens Park Rangers supporters have been jailed for football-related disorder. Harry Childs,
Southampton beat Blackburn 2-1 in the Under-21 Premier League Cup final. Sam Gallagher
Jermain Defoe posted a photo of him enjoying basketball on Instagram. The striker has struggled
Dick Advocaat has concerns over the physical strength of Sunderland's players. The Black Cats
Crystal Palace scored four times in the second-half to beat Sunderland. Yannick Bol
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Benfica from Benfica. Portugal
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season. The 19-year-old
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League tie.
Sepp Blatter is expecting Russia to host the World Cup in 2018. Russia are already
City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Yacine Brahimi and
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 at
Romanian striker Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba. The
Mark Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in UEFA elite ranks. Mark Moss
Martin Odegaard cost Real Madrid £2.3m in the summer. The 16
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid Castilla. The 16-year-
Real Madrid players return to training after international break. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale were pictured
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked. The youngster
Villa goalkeeper Carles N'Zogbia wore a flamboyant shirt and trou
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Per M
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion on Sunday. Reading host Arsenal at Arsenal on Sunday.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the
David Seaman says his best penalty save was against Sheffield United. The 51-year-
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January. The Brazil international says he
Joe Calzaghe retired seven years ago but showed he is still fighting fit. The former
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world. The American is known for his ost
Manny Pacquiao released his own song ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. The boxer also sang
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer. The 22-year-
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on season-long loan. But the Colombian has
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the
Dutch duo Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld are in Manchester. The
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a club investigation and disciplinary action. Liverpool boss Brendan
England were bowled out foroped in the first innings of the first Test. Ian Bell
The Weekend Australian carried out a special tribute edition to Benaud. The former Australia captain and
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici was injured in the 106th minute. The Reading keeper had been
Newcastle fans planning to boycott the next home game against Spurs. John Carver has called on
Newcastle United fans boycott the Tottenham Hotspur match in protest of Mike Ashley. AshleyOut.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium. James Collins and Sergio
Rafa Benitez was appointed Chelsea interim manager in 2012. The former Liverpool boss was
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer fear facing Manchester City. The Hammers defender says his
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has criticised Manuel Pellegrini.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side held
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League. But the former
Mark Hughes has dismissed reports linking Asmir Begovic to a move. Bosnia international goalkeeper
Cristiano Ronaldo scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years. Ronaldo scored against Rayo
Manny Pacquiao's conference call was cancelled due to technical difficulties. Pacquiao was
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-0 at the Nou Camp. The
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Lionel Messi he has a place at the
Luis Suarez was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar and Lionel Messi at Barcelona.
Josep Maria Bartomeu insists Barcelona have no plans to replace Luis Enrique. Enrique only
Manchester United have yet to decide whether to sign Radamel Falcao permanently. Monaco vice
Monaco have made a number of big money signings in the last four years. The club have
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach FA Cup final. Goals from Gar
Floyd Mayweather shared a video on his Instagram account flaunting his expensive watches, super-cars
Jordan Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week. The
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle from Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage in Premier League history. Mourinho has also beaten Raf
Franco Di Santo scored the winner for Werder Bremen in the 84th minute
Divock Origi was voted the second most overrated player in France Football poll. Liverpool
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo's Paulo Dybala. The
Juventus have made an early bid for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. The 21
Manchester City have had 'honest conversations' with their squad. Joe Hart says the team
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on Friday. McCoy rode Don C
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. Flower resigned as England team
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League first leg. Hans-
Jessica Ennis-Hill is preparing to return to the track nine months after the birth of
Tatyana Chernova was found to have given a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at
Eugene, United States, was awarded the rights to host the 2021 event. The city failed
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay. PSV Eind
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes. Herrera has been hailed as the
Jessica Carey surprised her grandmother Patty Lawing with the tattoo. The video was captured in February
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in Champions League last-16 first leg. Carlo
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final. At
Real Madrid face rivals Atletico Madrid in Champions League last-16 first leg. Cristiano
Alex Elenes, a sleeper, was booked on a trip to the Amazon. The trip
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being
Jim Murphy scored winning goal in Edinburgh friendly match against Tories. Match organised to help Motor Ne
Adam Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago. Johnson
Manchester City have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans. The club have increased season ticket
Aston Villa could sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for £2.5million.
Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given in the semi-final
Ronald Koeman says Southampton must focus on European qualification. Wanyama's future came under
Blackpool fans have raised close to £15,000 in under three days. The Oy
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Serie A to move 15 points clear of Serie A
Darren Farley specialises in mimicking Liverpool stars. Liverpool striker Sturridge was left in
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi will go head-to-head in the Champions League.
Manchester United have lost six players in the last four of the Champions League. Patrice Ev
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Kurt Zouma was deployed in
Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for Eden Hazard. The Real Madrid reserve
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was banned from all football for two months. The
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium. Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford. Many soldiers
Chelsea travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face Arsenal. Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. The
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'but
Video shows girl dressed as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers. She waits until
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis, 31, for $
Jordan Henderson has committed his long-term future to Liverpool. The midfielder has been rewarded with
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd.
Footage shows a group of teens viciously attacking two high school students. They then pull
San Bernardino County approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a
The 20,000 square foot mansion in Barrington, Chicago, is opulent and private
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night. Pep Guardiola split his
Anya Brodie, a little girl named Anya Brodie, asked Michelle Obama her
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around
Four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left it in a car around 3:20
Israel is developing a system to detect tunnelling activity, it has been revealed. The
Spartak Moscow fined £2,500 after their fans allegedly displayed a racist banner. The
The girl was attacked by a lion in Namiga, in the Sakha Republic. The
The incident happened in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16. It
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last
Marouane Fellaini has praised Steven Gerrard for his range of passing. The Belgian
Ronald Koeman has praised Mauricio Pochettino's work at Southampton. Koeman has
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships
Kyle Walker sustained injury against Burnley earlier this month. The Tottenham defender was ruled out for
Andrea Dossena was arrested at Knightsbridge on April 7. The 33-year-
Liverpool are interested in signing Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile. Immobile has struggled
Jordon Ibe has agreed a new five-year contract at Liverpool. The 19-
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season without a
Jack Grealish is the third Premier League star to be caught apparently inhaling nitrous
Teresa Bullock captured the clip at her house in Ohio. The 18-year-old
Edinson Cavani is a target for Manchester United this summer. PSG have been considering
Julian Weigl has been playing for 1860 Munich in Germany's second division. The 19-
The new kit features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow. The aqua
Footage was shot from a dashboard camera on Sunday. Car towing caravan jackknif
Paul Doyle, 56, moved his family into £820,000 home in Altrinch
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
Gary Deegan was caught high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge. Referee Craig
Chris Ramsey believes he is right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career. The
Chris Ramsey was handed the manager's job at QPR until the end of the season.
John Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a training-ground bust-up last week. Car
Manny Pacquiao says he must fight Floyd Mayweather like it is the last of his life
Justin Rose is training ahead of his next PGA tour event. The Englishman is using
Nico Rosberg was second in the Mercedes team-mate's Mercedes. A mistake from Lewis
Kimi Raikkonen was fastest in Friday's Bahrain practice session. Lewis Hamilton was second
Trainer Roger Varian has not lost faith in Belardo after winning only one home in Saturday
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days riding Muhurstar. The Italian
McCoy will retire from jump racing after two-decade domination. Benvolio withdrawn from
Aaron Cruden ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. New Zealand
Mark McCall's side lost 13-9 to Clermont on Saturday. McCall
Gloucester winger Jonny May hoping to get over being dropped by England. May was dropped
Alastair Cook and Peter Moores are under pressure to improve in England's attack.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of
Steven Finn is back to his best after missing out on the West Indies tour. Finn says
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the May 1 to 3 race.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cleveland beat Boston Celtics 113-
Graeme Dott is through to the last 16 of the World Championships. The 37-
Alan Pardew's side beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday
Leighton Baines is a big music fan, but not all genres are. The Everton
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20. The Southampton striker
Southampton are on red alert after making enquiries about Tonny Vilhena. Ronald Ko
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at
Sunderland are considering a move for Werder Bremen forward Franco Di Santo. Di
Tony Pulis wore a cap, track suit and shiny white trainers during the win. The
Stuart McCall was appointed Rangers manager in March. McCall took over from Kenny McDow
Andres Iniesta scored the opening goal for Barcelona in the 2-0 win over PS
Brendan Rodgers was fined for neglecting a property in Accrington. Liverpool manager had his conviction
Jack Grealish is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. Tim Sherwood has
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over
Reading lost 1-0 to Birmingham City in the FA Cup semi-final. Clayton Donald
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training. Tim Sherwood will be
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final. Villa
Aston Villa have priortised Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo. Luongo
Micky Adams became 42nd manager to be dismissed this season. League Managers' Association
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading because
Blackpool supporters pelted the directors' box and main reception area with eggs before their game
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading in their Championship clash. Lee Clark admitted the club
Cristiano Ronaldo has suggested he could play for Fort Lauderdale Strikers. Ronaldo says he
Andres Iniesta could miss Valencia game after tests confirmed he has bruised pelvis. Barcelona
Benik Afobe scored an equaliser for the home side at Molineux. Richard
Chelsea are the worst behaved Premier League team respect referees, according to official figures. Jose Mourinho
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents. Five Chelsea fans were caught directing racist
Tim Sherwood replied to Charlie Pye's letter asking for a 'win bonus' The
Daniel Sturridge faces a race to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final with
Raheem Sterling scored from the left to give Liverpool the lead in the 71st minute
Kevin Pietersen was taken off during Surrey's match against Oxford University. The Surrey batsman
Mark Hughes has urged Gareth Bale to stay at Real Madrid. Welshman has been linked with
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a handball during the
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays football which would attract Arsenal, Manchester
Richard Eckersley is training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-
Emad Sahabi suffered the injury playing for Al Orubah against Al Shoalah
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 at the Philips St
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for Bayern Munich in the 38th minute. Andreas Beck added
Gary Medel's 51-yard pass from Gary Medel set the tone for Inter.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Dortmund the lead after just eight minutes. Pierre-
Chelsea captain John Terry had a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao. The Chelsea midfielder
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici saved Alexis Sanchez's low shot. Garath McCleary equal
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the winner in the
Franz Beckenbauer has accused Bayern Munich stars of playing as if they had taken sleeping
Daryl Janmaat has likened Newcastle's Premier League encounter vs Swansea to playing in the World
Chelsea supporters invited to take part in a protest photo at Stamford Bridge. Photo is aimed at
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is a FIFA presidential candidate. He wants to see a World Cup
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool on a one-year deal in December. The former Newcastle striker
Frank Knight, 67, posted apology on Facebook last week. He agreed to pay damages of
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female. He said the trees displays '
Amal, 37, has been pictured in a number of fashion outfits since her wedding.
ISIS released a chilling new video warning there is 'no safety for any American on the globe
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane are both on the shortlist for PFA Player of the Year
The six players nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award are all 23 or
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League tie.
England bowled out West Indies for 98-2 in their first innings at the Sir Viv
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor were in the 1985 World Snooker final. Davis was leading
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Tim Sherwood was appointed
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at 3pm on Saturday. Kyle Walker and Hugo Llor
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Southampton host Hull City and Tottenham Hots
Tim Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time on Saturday. Sherwood
John Goodwin, 75, of Atkinson, New Hampshire, is on trial on six counts of
University of South Florida and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office are working on a 'body farm
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed dancing
Jiang Min says she can't afford food, medical treatment or a regular milk powder. Her
Britt McHenry, 28, was suspended for one week after the video was released. She
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became infamous late last year after video of him screaming 'I don
Pablo, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have been on an
Diovani de Jesus took the photo at Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines
David Rush, 33, used to weigh 34st but lost the weight after cycling. He
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust
Extraiza Space clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times. Video blends practical advice
Lewis Hamilton remains top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List. Hamilton remains on pole but
Daniel Sturridge has been struggling with a hip injury. Brendan Rodgers is keen on signing Burn
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he departs
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels were involved in a dispute on day four of
Sunderland midfielder Adam Johnson was charged with three offences. The 27-year-old could face
Manchester United have offered goalkeeper David de Gea £200,000-a-week.
Manchester United are close to a deal for Ilkay Gundogan. The Borussia Dortmund midfielder
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday. The Ukrainian will
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey. The 20
Red Mazda careered off road and crashed straight into front door of house. The car became
Study of 1,venth German couples found men do just 2 hours of housework a day
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores. He
Jesse O'Brien, six, has to take 45 pills a day to treat cystic
Rugby School is the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb
Dan Potts and Adam Drury scored for West Ham before an own goal doubled their lead
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have been in a close relationship for over a decade. The
Eden Hazard signed for Chelsea for £32million in 2012. Arsenal could not afford to pay
Isco chose Real Madrid over Manchester City in the summer of 2013. The 23-year
Emmanuel Adebayor is looking to leave Tottenham Hotspur. The 31-year-
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Francis Coquelin is confident he can
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him. The Chelsea boss was visibly surprised
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 in the first round of the Betfred World
Pep Guardiola will return to Barcelona for the first time since leaving in 2012. Real Madrid face
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League. Guardiola will be hoping to
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time. The fight
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight was on May 1, May 2. Tickets for
Napoli and Fiorentina will face each other in the Europa League semi-final
England bowled out for 182 in the second innings of the second Test. Joe Root was
Sam Burgess scored five tries as Bath beat London Irish 26-13. The win puts Mike
Joe Root hit 182 not out in the morning session on day four of second Test. Root
Joe Root beats Sachin Tendulkar to 2,000 Test runs. Root reached milestone
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season
Divock Origi has been following Liverpool's progress from across the English Channel. The Belgium
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played with throughout his career
Paula Radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career
League One, League Two and Conference have seen a number of ups and downs. Watford
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban. Gay was banned for
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-final. Real Madrid face a daunting task
Cesc Fabregas will return to Arsenal for the first time since leaving in 2011.
Michael Cheika is pre-occupied with the denigration of his pack. England head coach
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Steven Davis believes the Saints have an advantage
Farrend Rawson was on loan at Derby from Rotherham. The defender was disqualified
Michael Owen has been criticised for his side's lack of ambition. John Carver has hit
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to Carrington. The England
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prepared his players for the threat of Manchester United's Marouane Fell
Patrick Bamford named Championship Player of the Year at Football League Awards. Middlesbrough striker
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole went
PSV Eindhoven chief Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs' Depay
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team. The goalkeeper was
Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection. The American boxer
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for messages. The 19-year-
Thiago Silva is out of Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice. Silva
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final.
Juventus progress to the Champions League final after a 1-0 win over Monaco. The Old
Rudy Gestede scored a hat-trick for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career. The undefeated boxer has earned
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets were sold in a minute at 8pm UK time
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United. The 21-year-
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 win over
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid. The Mexican striker is wanted
Ashley Young is a resident DJ at Manchester United. Young revealed he is only able to play
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the award. The Football League
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven short of 100 goals. The Argentine forward
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time. The fight
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time. The fight
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time. The fight
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time. The fight
Jack Johnson was the first black world heavyweight champion. He was the bane of the white
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in
QPR boss Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier
Chelsea trained at their Cobham base on Friday ahead of Arsenal game. Jose Mourinho's side
Josh Meekings was cleared to play in the William Hill Scottish Cup final. The defender
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final on May 30. The Gunners won the
Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they don't beat the drop
Raheem Sterling says he is immune to criticism levelled at him. The 20-
Marseille will listen to offers for Florian Thauvin. Tottenham want to offload
Manchester United travel to Everton for Premier League clash on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini
Bristol Rovers have been out of the Football League for almost a year. Darrell Clarke was
Hartlepool United fans have been complained about fancy dress. Carlisle United fans are planning
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2. Jose Mourinho's side
Rafa Benitez has reached his seventh major European semi-final in 12 seasons.
Manchester City are interested in signing Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano. The
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The striker scored a late winner
A fight broke out between the Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox. The brawl involved players
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for Leeds on Friday night. The Rhinos were
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday. Tyson Fury is
Quade Cooper will join Toulon this summer. The Queensland Reds fly-half is
Hudson Swafford leads Zurich Classic after second round at TPC Louisiana. Marc Leish
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick of the season. Burgess scored three
Bradford City fans will stand for a minute to mark 30 years since the fire. The Premier
Florent Malouda named his team on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals after a goalless draw against Monaco. Gian
Yaya Toure has been a key player at Manchester City. The Ivorian has been
Miranda Devine apologised for calling David Pocock a 'tosser' for using sign
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East
Missie Smile is hoping the 'tall, charming gentleman' will cross the street. Post
rugby should be played more at school, says expert. She says rugby is more dangerous than
Researchers analysed the competitiveness of 1,147 long distance runners in the US. Found that men
The forthcoming phone could feature the same aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is
The Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe. Games
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Né
The Apple Watch is listed on the auction site with a ‘buy it now’
SpaceX's Falcon 9 booster was launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida. The rocket drifted into view
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea. The Ivorian
short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. It is based on an
Several properties littered with debris that fell out of sky. Paula Viccica believes the debris
Sweden's passport is among the most frequently sold travel documents. Sweden's passports sell for as
Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, said the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand's picturesque coastline. The cinematographer from Seattle
Zach Birnie was Skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada. He films
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person. The singleton will
England withdrew from the 2014 Victory Shield for Under 16s. Greg Dyke sent a letter
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16. The 27
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle. The Real
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid. The 33-year-old
Eden Hazard was filmed giving a lesson in ball control at Cobham. The Belgian star showed
Survey of 600 employers and senior executives reveals biggest CV blunder. 87 per cent of 600
LA Angels player Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife in February. He said there was
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday
The injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide
Fiona, 51, found the man standing over her young daughter. She pushed him down the
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia, a life-threatening
Lewis Hamilton is in contention to win the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Briton has won three
Nico Rosberg won the Bahrain Grand Prix for Mercedes. Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finished
Mick Schumacher made his Formula 4 pre-season test debut on Wednesday. The 16
A 66-year-old man from Palm Beach was arrested and charged with a 'bre
Hundreds evacuated from a circus in Angleton after the weather system tore through the sides. More
Simon Cowell was called to the fox's location in Leatherhead, Surrey. The wildlife
Frankie Franz, 9, scored the goal after watching Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull off the
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen laid the smallest ever egg. The egg is
US-born Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people and left 215,000 homes
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Jenson Button is training for the London
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton has won nine of the last 11
James Wilson would like to take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. Manchester United
Paul Downton leaves role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Nasser
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with Q
Luis Suarez was banned for four months for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini
Adam Johnson, 27, has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20
Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity
Adam Johnson, 27, was arrested at his home in County Durham on March 2. He
Chelsea are close to winning their first Premier League title. Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up
Wladimir Klitschko will fight Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. The
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25. Klitsch
AP McCoy's mount in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday. He will
AP McCoy will retire at Sandown on Saturday. McCoy has been champion jockey every year
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament. The destructive
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec's 'little' duo. Rooney admitted
Zoumana Camara was born on Friday and was due to be released on Monday
Manny Pacquiao and Mario Lopez were filming Extra in LA. The pair were seen laughing
UFC bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey attended Hollywood premiere. The Hollywood event was attended
Diego Maradona is considered one of the greatest players to have played the game. The
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic. The German club are
Inter Milan will propose a loan deal for Stevan Jovetic. The Montenegro striker
Victor Wanyama has been linked with a move to Arsenal. The Kenyan midfielder claims he
Javier Hernandez scored against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. But Real Madrid are unlikely to
Alan Pardew is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul. Crystal
Juventus have ruled out a move for Radamel Falcao. The Serie A champions claim
Juventus have offered Palermo's Paulo Dybala a £23million deal. The
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League tie against Atletico. The Welshman
Kevin de Bruyne's agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client.
Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to leaving Manchester City. The midfielder is wanted
Kurt Zouma hopes to win the Ballon d'Or. The French defender hopes
Manchester United have made an official approach for PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay
Arsenal must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer. The Chelsea stopper looks
Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez would cost a combined £50m.
West Ham are keeping tabs on Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The 27-year-
Manchester City are keeping tabs on Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was
Hearts captain Danny Wilson has decided to leave the club. The 23-year-old defender
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future. Tevez has
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club. Juventus are keen for the
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to Manchester United,
Chelsea midfielder Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho. The Brazil international has cost the Blues £
Carlos Tevez has said he wants to leave Juventus this summer. The former Manchester United and
Tom Lees and Keiren Westwood are in line for new deals at Wednesday. The
Patrick Bamford is in talks with Chelsea over a new contract. The 21-year-
Victor Moses has been ruled out for six weeks with a hamstring injury. The Nigeria international has
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday. The move will come as
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and free to talk to foreign clubs.
Raheem Sterling has been in a difficult fortnight at Liverpool. The 20-year-
Zinedine Zidane insists Gareth Bale will not join Manchester United. The Real Madrid
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri
Christian Fuchs is out of contract at Schalke in the summer. The Austria international
Tottenham keen to secure Nabil Bentaleb a new deal. The Algerian international's current
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
Time lapse video shows water creeping along tracks at Bardwell Park. The water is creeping along
Grace Joy Roseman died after she manoeuvre herself over edge of her cot. '
Daniel O'Reilly's show Dapper L Bean was cancelled last year after it was branded
Chameleons battle for the attention of a female chameleon in a video.
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn. The Blackburn striker has
Ronny Deila insists referees should be allowed to speak to the media. Celtic boss says
Mauricio Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in the summer. The Tottenham boss is looking
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the Eagles' profile
Josh Meekings was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk. But
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 in their Ligue 1 clash at the Stade
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer. The Dutchman's Southampton need
Tottenham considering a new £400m stadium with a retractable pitch. The stadium is due
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
West Ham have announced a reduction in season ticket prices. The Hammers will move to the
Mauricio Pochettino has deployed strict training methods at both Tottenham and Southampton. Pochett
Greg Hardy was suspended without pay for 10 games. Hardy was cleared of assaulting his former girlfriend
Super Bowl champions New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers. Pittsburgh will play the Atlanta Falcons in
Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez was found guilty on Wednesday of first-degree murder. The conviction
Bennett labelled the tight end'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win
Charles Tillman has end his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. The veteran cornerback
Bell will miss the first three games of the season after being banned from the league. Bell
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. The 26
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for
Sarah Thomas, 41, will be a line judge for the 2015 season. She was in
McCoy says he doesn't like Eagles head coach Chip Kelly's 'college feel' McCoy says
Adrian Peterson was due to be reinstated on April 15. The Vikings running back is said to
Sarah Thomas, 42, from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge
Obada signed for the Dallas Cowboys from the London Warriors. The 22-year-old
Jacksonville Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion. The 31
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Tickets for
Nicola Adams was due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division. The Olympic gold
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The bout is billed
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey. Rock
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday. The 36-
Luke Rockhold is bidding for his fourth win in five against Lyoto Machida. The
Conor McGregor says Floyd Mayweather lacks the skills in other areas. The former UFC champion said he
Ronda Rousey made her WWE debut on March 29. The UFC bantamweight champion
Conor McGregor is preparing for his featherweight title fight against Jose Aldo. The 26-
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon on Tuesday.
Mirko Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. The Brazilian was beaten by
Conor McGregor insists Jose Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does. Ald
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of UFC's new drug testing. The federal
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in first round of UFC Fight Night. Mendes retains
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday. Mendes'
Paula Creamer floated idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's victory at Masters. Creamer
Justin Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National. The former US Open champion has
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night show. The 30
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball style trick shot while practicing in China. The 36-
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will make their final Open appearances at St Andrews in July
US Open champion Jim Furyk won the RBC Heritage at Hilton Head. The 44-
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won his second European Tour title in Shenzhen. The
Kiradech Aphibarnrat leads Shenzhen International in China. The 25-year
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. The
Rory McIlroy has persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in the Dubai
Bubba Watson was four shots off the pace at the Shenzhen International. Huang Wen-
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta last week. The 21-year-old returns
Rory McIlroy battled with Jamie Dornan to promote Circular Soccer. The pair
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska announced their
Maria Sharapova beaten in three sets by Angelique Kerber of Germany. Sharap
Fabio Fognini beat Rafael Nadal 6-4, 7-6 (8
Agnieszka Radwanska is the second top seed to exit the St
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 in the third round
Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic beats Marin Cilic 6-4 6-4.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 in
There will be 7,000 tickets for July's match against France at London's Queen's
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by Tim Henman. Mourinho described SW19
Andy Murray and his British team will take on France in the Davis Cup quarter final. Baron
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani in the Fed Cup play-off. Williams won
Rafa Nadal is tipped to end Rafa Nadal's Roland Garros dominance.
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-
Kimi Raikkonen finished second in Bahrain to finish second in the F1 race.
Jenson Button missed his 100th race for McLaren after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed Azerbaijan will host the European Grand Prix. Human Rights Watch report
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for Bahrain Grand Prix. The British driver was due to
Jenson Button had to pull over after engine failure in practice. The 35-year-
Nico Rosberg is third in the standings ahead of Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton is 17 points ad
Lewis Hamilton took pole for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Mercedes team-mate Nico Ros
Kimi Raikkonen's Ferrari contract runs out at the end of the F1 season
Nico Rosberg is wary of Ferrari's pace ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix. The
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault in Bahrain. The McLaren suffered three laps in
Bernie Ecclestone urged Lewis Hamilton to think the unthinkable. Hamilton is in talks with Ferrari
Davy Condon suffered a spinal concussion in the Grand National. The Irish jockey had
Robbie McNamara suffered serious injuries in a fall at Wexford. The jockey broke
Ride Like The Wind is in the first Classic of the season. Trainer Freddy Head likens
AP McCoy will be presented with his final and final champion jockeys trophy. Sandown
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh. The 20-year-
Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing. Mariano Galarza was selected for
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury. Leicester
Australia have made a U-turn in their decision to pick Matt Giteau. G
Saracens have been shortlisted for European Player of the Year. Billy Vunip
Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season on a two-year deal.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18. Andy Farrell says
Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts
Australian Rugby Union have made a policy change to allow experienced Wallabies playing at foreign clubs to
Mike Brown has been advised not to play for Harlequins. The full back has
Mike Fitzgerald will follow Peter Betham to Welford Road next season. The 28-year
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott have scored more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions
England posted a 74-run lead at the end of day three of the second Test.
Ben Stokes sent Marlon Samuels a salute on Thursday night. Samuels
England captain Alastair Cook was not far from his best for a century. But the
Stuart Broad took three wickets on day two of second Test in Grenada. Alast
Alastair Cook passed 8,ettle runs to become England's second highest run-sc
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring. The 28-year-old was injured
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed on the field during first Test. Sam
Alastair Cook's form with the bat has turned for the worse. Graeme Sw
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3. Kawhi Leonard scored
Zara Phillips had been due to make her debut at the Kentucky event. But she withdrew
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Hornets 123-119 in overtime. Golden State's Stephen Curry
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the final match of the night.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the Betfred World
Paula Radcliffe said she was close to pulling out of the London Marathon. But celebrity doctor
Alejandro Valverde won Fleche Wallonne on Wednesday. Team Sky's Chris Fro
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in their first round match. The
NBA stars Chris Paul and Luol Deng will take part in an exhibition match. The August
Washington, Cleveland and Houston all have 2-0 leads in their NBA first-round playoff
Reanne Evans lost narrowly to Ken Doherty in qualifying for Cru Cru Cru Cru Cru Cru
Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 in first round of Betfred World Championship. Australian
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be treated to'respect' when he
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout. The Villa attacker
QPR boss Chris Ramsey feels his side will avoid relegation if they win three more games.
Burnley have only scored one goal in their last seven Premier League games. Danny Ings
Alan Pardew says Crystal Palace would sell Yannick Bolasie for £40
Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits he is unsure what the future holds for Kevin Mirallas. The
Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. He was Everton chairman and chairman from 1977- 1980
Romelu Lukaku used racism as an added motivation to score goals. The Everton striker
Everton manager Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Aaron Lennon's loan spell at Good
There are just four points between the relegation relegation groups. QPR, Leicester, Burnley
Steve Bruce is confident Hull can stay in the Premier League. The Tigers were beaten 2-
Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Individualos for India's
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success. The Liverpool boss is under
Derby boss Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle 'disrespectful' McCl
Newcastle United lost 3-1 to Spurs at St James' Park on Sunday. Newcastle fans
Leroy Fer could be rushed back from knee injury. Dutch midfielder damaged medial ligaments in
Chris Ramsey believes Queens Park Rangers can stay in the Premier League. The Rangers boss says three
Southampton supporters planning to wear orange when they face Tottenham. Ronald Koeman and his brother Er
Harry Kane is the PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland hopes Kane can help
Stoke City close to signing Thibaut Verlinden from Standard Liege. The 15
Mark Hughes is keen to keep Asmir Begovic at Stoke City. Stoke boss Hughes
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at home on Saturday. Craig Gardner sealed a win for
Swansea City are interested in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Club scouts have checked
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester City with a long ball in the 15th
Harry Kane is nominated for both PFA and Young Player of the Year awards. Tottenham striker
West Brom are eight points above the Premier League relegation zone. The Baggies host Liverpool on
Sebastien Pocognoli says he is baffled by decision to drop him from the West Brom
Tottenham striker Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season on Sunday. The 21-
West Ham will move to the 54,000-seater Olympic Stadium next year. The
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Har
Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want Celtic celebrating on their patch. The 27-year-
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials. Former Celtic striker has called for more accountability
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh
Celtic were denied a clear penalty and a chance to go 2-0 ahead. Referee
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup final. Invern
Stuart McCall is looking at targets for next season, though he may not be at Rangers
Celtic have been frustrated by their recent Scottish Cup exit. Celtic legend John Brown says officials have
Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers. The deal also saw
Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall have been linked with a move away. McC
Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Ibrox 'with open arms' according
Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities. Dave King, the chairman-
Isco was dropped to the Real Madrid starting XI for the Champions League. The Spaniard
Tim Sherwood is confident Aston Villa can stay in the Premier League. Villa face Manchester City
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer. The France defender has only made
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off) Arsene
Tottenham have won two of their last 10 Premier League matches. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochett
Former Bayern Munich boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Lucien Favre is a candidate
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League last-four on June 6. Cristiano Ronaldo
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract at Bayern Munich, says Karl-He
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The $300m mega-fight
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his biggest fight in history on May 2. The Filipino
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing
Floyd Mayweather is three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 mega-fight against Floyd Mayweather. The
Floyd Mayweather Jnr continues preparations for mega-fight. The boxer took to the pool before
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Iy
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino is
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to share a picture of his private jet. The boxer
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers up to $100 (£
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Danny Welbeck will
Tottenham Hotspur host Burnley at Turf Moor (Sunday 1.30pm) Stephen
Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in the Europa League
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the job. But it
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham to the Olympic Stadium. The
Jurgen Klopp has been linked with a move to Arsenal. The German has two years
Borussia Dortmund have confirmed Thomas Tuchel will take over at the end of July. Klopp
Kenyan athletics federation suspends Dennis Kimetto and other top stars. Kenyan authorities have previously
Football is the game the working man enjoys watching from the terraces. 18 of the 20
Usain Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year
Usain Bolt took three shots on the basketball court in Brazil. The Jamaican sprinter
Farrend Rawson was on loan at Rotherham from Derby last week. League said
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after four minutes. Ross McCormack equalised
Swansea host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Saturday. Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players
Tiger Woods was playing in his 20th Masters tournament at Augusta. The 39-year-
Real Madrid arrived at Santiago Bernabeu for Champions League tie. Javier Hernandez scored winning goal
Rafa Benitez is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed he wants to talk to Manchester
PSG were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona in the Champions League. Laurent
England lock Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October. The 24-year-old has
Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday. The 23-
Arsenal have 5.68million followers on Weibo compared to 5.6million on Twitter
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory. He
Alexis Sanchez has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year. Sanchez has singled out fellow
Barcelona and Bayern Munich are both better teams than Real Madrid and Juventus. Cristiano Ronaldo is
Patrice Evra believes Juventus could learn from Monaco's style of play. Evra says
England have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland. The
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans. Pictures show men and women rushing towards those
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The 24-year-
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season. Welshman suffered a
Fulham goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli has caught the eye of Chelsea. Jose Mourinho watched the 22
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League last 16 on Tuesday. Pep Guardiola's side
Thiago Alcantara was a key player for Bayern Munich in their 6-1 win
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League last-16 first leg.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season. The keeper has been linked with
Southampton are seventh in the Premier League table. But they are only paid £55.2
Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United. Monaco chief executive Ed Woodward
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United. The Brazilian right-back cracked three
Mats Hummels is a target for Manchester United. German paper Bild have reported the £
Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's replacement. Ilkay Gundogan is
Reading were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final. Adam Feder
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final first leg. Adam Feder
Alexis Sanchez scored twice in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading. The Chile forward is
Roy Keane described David Luiz as looking 'lost' after his performance against Barcelona. Keane
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season. Top-seeded teams in eight groups
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate in the Champions League. Pep Guardiola's
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League first leg. Pep Guardiola's
Campbell has listed a second property in Chelsea for £6.75million. The former Arsenal
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Ney
DeShane Beckford impressed West Ham's academy coaches on trial. The Jamaican forward
West Ham confident deal does not contravene domestic or European legislation. Premier League club set
Andres Iniesta scored twice in first-half as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. Bayless
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on May 2. Bayless
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snook
John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins. Higgins
Augusta National have had people positioned on four holes taking note of everything. Tiger Woods and Rory
Andy Murray and Kim Sears tied the knot at Dunblane Cathedral. Tennis star tied the
Real Madrid's Spanish right-back Alvaro Arbeloa is the only player left
Manchester City keen for Pep Guardiola to become Bayern Munich manager in the summer of 2016. Guardiola
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different clubs
Sam Allardyce launched a furious tirade at fourth official Robert Madley. The Ham
West Ham have only won one game in 11 Premier League games. The Hammers have slipped
Glenn Roeder is part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Roeder and former
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa. The Belgian has scored
Martina Hingis was persuaded to play her first tour-level singles for eight years
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Liverpool and PSG. Ronald de Bo
The two organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders, Sky and the BBC. Both
Manchester United were beaten 1-0 by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Louis van Gaal's side
Eden Hazard scored the winner against Manchester United on Sunday. Jose Mourinho has praised the Belgian's
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen around their Melwood training ground. The
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. The Serie A side want at
Steven Gerrard hopes to end his Liverpool career with a win at Stoke. Gerrard will begin his
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit. Brendan Rodgers could see up
Amir Khan is looking at a fight in Dubai or Abu Dhabi. The British boxer is hoping
Michael Conlan and Paddy Barnes were in Venezuela for the Italia Thunder franchise. Con
Manny Pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts. The shorts alone carry sponsorship logos
Frank Lampard should have started more games at Manchester City. Phil Jagielka is five
Liverpool crashed out of the FA Cup after a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa. Brendan
Tom Cleverley has hailed Tim Sherwood's style of football. Manchester United loanee says
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United boss. The pair had a falling out
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low low shot past David de Gea.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season. The Belgian forward has
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the winner as Jose
Jose Mourinho reignites talk of a campaign against Chelsea after saying the incident will be forgotten because
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side are
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side can deal with Marouane Fellain
Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Wednesday. The Ow
Steve Clarke's Reading side were beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium. The Reading boss praised the
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville
Radamel Falcao has struggled for goals since January 31. The striker has only scored
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. The Spain international
Manchester United have decided to implement the wage a year early. In-house staff at Old
Manchester United host Manchester City in Sunday's derby. Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for Everton with a 29-yard penalty. Everton forward Ross
Ross Barkley missed a penalty from the spot against Burnley on Saturday. Roberto Martinez insisted the
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The Everton forward has
Everton boss Roberto Martinez says Burnley's fearlessness reminds him of his Wigan side's
Manny Pacquiao has released a range of t-shirts commemorating Floyd Mayweather vs Pac
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight set for May 2 at MGM Grand. But tickets
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight is set to be biggest fight in boxing. Sky
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa. The 24-
Steven Gerrard is set to play in the FA Cup final against Aston Villa. Martin Skrt
Brendan Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons.
Stoke have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their Ligue 1 ban reduced
Barcelona face Valencia in the Champions League on Saturday. Luis Enrique has urged his players to focus
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final first leg. Luis Suarez
Laura Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to get back into fitness. The
Greece have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions. UEFA and FIFA have threatened to suspend
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League tie against Atletico. The Welshman
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille last year. The defender is
Monaco are third in Ligue 1 and are in the Champions League last 16. Leonardo J
Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after Europe's poor showing
Harry Panayiotou put Leicester in front after 18 minutes after getting on the end of
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne is in talks over a new contract. The England right-back
QPR striker Charlie Austin could leave Loftus Road in the summer. Everton have made a
Gianfranco Zola is considering taking charge of Brentford at the end of the
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup.
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSG with PSV Eindhoven. The
Javier Hernandez scored Real Madrid's late goal against Atletico Madrid. The on-loan
Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on Javier Hernandez's celebration
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona. Urug
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29. Kell Brook will
Floyd Mayweather takes on Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas on May 2. Hatton says Pac
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 on May 30. Brook will be looking
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head in Las Vegas.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to be held in Las Vegas on May 2
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300m mega-fight on May
Manny Pacquiao's last conference call was called off after a number of calls. The
Amir Khan is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri. The American's
Karl Oyston denied five charges for abusive text messages. Oyston initially had until March 30
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea. The Poland international
Manuel Pellegrini watched academy in FA Youth Cup final on Monday. City need eight
Mauricio Pochettino will not start his first team squad with academy players. Spurs boss
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30. He asked players to
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent. The fear involves dropping out of the
Micky Adams leaves Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent. Rovers have lost four
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirmed promotion to League One. Mark Ellis
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday. The pair
Rafa Benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli. The Spani
Rafael Benitez has received criticism of his waistline ahead of Napoli clash. The
Javier Hernandez scored 'the goal of his life' in the 88th minute. The Mexican
West Ham have not made an offer for Aaron Cresswell, says Sam Allardyce
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos. Welsh winger has spent most
Lockwood has been banned for two years by UK Anti-Doping. The 29-
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports of vandalised cars. Three cars were broken into during
Toulon won the Heineken Cup for the third time in their history. Leigh
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement. Watson
Bradford City were forced to evacuate their stadium in 1985. The fire claimed 56 people and injured
Bradford City's Valley Parade was engulfed by a fire on May 11, 1985. Stuart McC
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire inquiry into the fire. He says
Bradford South MP Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the 1985
Paul Smith and Andre Ward are in talks to fight on June 20. The Liverpool super-
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. The 37-
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference. City have little to play
Patrick Vieira has backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini. The
An elderly man was bitten by a crocodile on Monday afternoon. The 1.2 metre
University of New South Wales study found Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. He was
Alexander Giniyatullin captured the terrifying scene in Kemerovo, Russia.
Julie Stauch, Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy appear in video
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar
A video has emerged showing the Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50
Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a Philadelphia Soul game on
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York
Indonesian President Joko Widodo confirmed the executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran
Israeli tourist captures moment baboons rob truck of snacks. Man bangs on side of truck
Dog-grooming trend is beginning to take shape in Taiwan. The trend involves having your
Jack Wilshere met Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent. Arsenal midfielder was given
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in
Museum dedicated to director, who picked Barcelona for setting of Vicky Cristina Barcelona. cultural
The track of Murodo in Japan is lined with 65ft walls. The track is
Research found the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a
Patrick Miller and his friend Damien stayed at the family-run hotel. They thought they would
Fort on St Catherine's Island, Pembrokeshire, will be accessible via
Man asleep on conveyor at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. Passengers were amused by
The first ever cat cafe opened its doors to customers and their feline friends this week.
Dogaroo is a pet service that has both training facilities and a hotel. The dog and
Former England rugby captain Lewis Moody was on a ten-day trek. The former England rugby
Lion got its head stuck in a barrel at Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands
comedy sketch by 26 Minutes follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland. Jeff tells
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat. They
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body in 2011. The 27-
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England. The majority have been ordinary at best
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting blamed for demise of Victory Shield. England pull out of
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England
Guinness offer Premier League clubs £135m over three years. But the clubs are now so
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket. Trott fell cheaply in both
ECB to start recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International. Alec Stewart admits he
England coach Graham Thorpe signed a form supporting the right-wing party. Thorpe revealed
Sir Curtly Ambrose defended England's involvement with Allen Stanford. Stanford's five-year deal
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke confronted
Marina Granovskaia is Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents. The trend has coincided with the agency
QPR are facing up to £50m for breaches of Financial Fair Play regulations. Club
Sky Sports will pay £11m a game to broadcast Premier League football. The TV rights
Jose Mourinho has warned his next generation of stars will not be able to be used all at
Arsenal have won 15 games from 17 games since New Year's Day. But the pressure is
Louis van Gaal demands a level of intelligence from his players. Manchester United have a eight-
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers'
Michael Carrick has been consistently overlooked by England. The Manchester United midfielder signed for £18
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in semi-final of Scottish Cup. Ron
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final. Warren picked up his second
Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins in last two Tests. Peter Moores has
England were held to 350-7 draw in the first Test against West Indies. Alast
England bowler Jimmy Anderson took his maiden Test century at No 8. The record-breaking
Jack Grealish made his Premier League debut against Queens Park Rangers. The 19-year
Fabian Delph set up Christian Benteke's equaliser for Villa. The 25
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Rahe
Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup semi-final by Aston Villa. Brendan Rodgers'
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions
Juan Mata has been a key player at Manchester United. The Spaniard has been a key
England could lose fourth Champions League spot in three years. Italy, Napoli and Fiore
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side have had to
Diego Costa sustained hamstring injury in April win over Stoke City. Chelsea striker expected to be out
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will not be weakened by injury problems when they play Chelsea. Louis
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Michael Carrick and Daley Blind have
Jurgen Klopp will officially leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of June. Klopp said
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for the signature of West Ham left-
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace
Edinson Cavani will be hoping to make Paris Saint-Germain's last eight
Nico Rosberg was angry with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix. The German was a
Nico Rosberg finished second in China to win his fourth Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes team-
Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his Mercedes lead. The Briton was furious with
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull's chief executive Christian
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United. The Manchester City captain
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. Manuel Pelleg
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road in the Premier League. Cesc
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's win over QPR.
Toby Alderweireld is on loan at Southampton from Atletico Madrid. Belgian defender
Manchester United beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby' at Old Trafford
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in Australia and for the
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud died on Wednesday aged 84. Benaud was a daring captain
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer
Richie Benaud was a television broadcaster and a sports commentator. He was the first crick
Shane Warne has paid tribute to former Australia captain and broadcaster Richie Benaud. Benaud
Michael Vaughan is favourite to become England's new director of cricket. Vaughan has held talks with
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for Oxford University's first
James Faulkner will join Lancashire for the bulk of the summer. Faulk
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
Owen Farrell hopes to be fit for Saracens' European Champions Cup semi-final.
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly named Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March.
Harry Kane led Tottenham out for the first time in their 0-0 draw with Burnley
Newcastle United lost 5-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby. The
Adam Johnson, 27, faces lengthy jail term if convicted. Sunderland winger was arrested seven weeks
Australian doctor Tareq Kamleh is featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video. Kam
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January. The Switzerland international
Juventus face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final. La Gazetta dello Sport
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 after a long battle with cancer. The former Barcelona coach
Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made emergency landing. The right side landing gear collapsed forcing
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
A 12-year-old boy fell down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough.
Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley against moving to Manchester City. The 21-year-old
Ronnie O'Sullivan has been a guest on the show in the past. The five-
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year, says Gary Neville. But
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season. The Red Devils have endured
PM had brain fade after being overcome by something. Tory leader had previously said he was a
Diego Costa has not played since April 4 due to a hamstring injury. Jose Mourinho said he
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta. In 2007, the
Jack Grealish has been overtaken by Republic of Ireland and England. Grealish
Maria Sharapova is top seed at the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis. Maria Sharapova
Zinedine Zidane and Ronaldo took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. Jose Mourinho's side remain top
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru. The
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met sick supporters at Manchester United. The trio were in
Liverpool have extended their sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. The deal will run until 2018
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in
West Ham will move to the 54,000 capacity Olympic Stadium next year. Co-chair
Nicolas Hamilton is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car
Jack Grealish played Gaelic football for Aston Villa between the ages of 10 and 14
Video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out routine. It is believed that the group
Laura Wells designed swimwear collection for swimwear brand Swimsuits. Collection is made entirely of
Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013. The
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram. The Manchester United
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport. The 34-year
Chelsea named PFA Premier League Team of the Year for the 2014-15 season. Eden
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
live streaming app Periscope allows users to broadcast live online. The video is then available
Juventus lost 2-1 to Torino in the Serie A derby on Sunday. Andrea P
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second round match against Matthew Stevens. The
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible. But still
England's national saint's day falls on April 23. A number of footballers past and
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Goals from James
Manchester United lost 3-0 at Everton in their Premier League clash. Louis van Gaal said
Cristiano Ronaldo showed his compassionate side in a warm-up moment. The Real Madrid star
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho has branded
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen
Wayne Rooney was replaced by Robin van Persie in the 88th minute. The Manchester United
Pep Guardiola wore the top during his pre-match press conference. Jorge 'El Topo
Harry Kane was named PFA Young Player of the Year on Sunday. Kane scored 30 goals
Chelsea were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the London derby. Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for hard-hitting a streaker during Saturday
WBC emerald winner's belt unveiled in Mexico City. WBC light heavyweight champion Ad
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists the flag should be taken down from the side
England footballers pitted themselves against rugby counterparts. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and
Tiger Woods has played just three tournaments so far this year. Woods has returned to some form
Chelsea Fans dressed as the 'C-Team' to hide their identity. The pranksters
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert. The 39-year-old posted an Instagram
Blake Shinn rode his pants off during the Hyland Race Colours Plate. Shinn
Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed it. He explains
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola
Algerian football is in for a tense final few rounds of the season. All 16 teams
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to Hull City due to injury. Brendan Rodgers is
George Groves made a winning bet on Badou Jack to beat Anthony Dirrell. Gro
Floyd Mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department. The boxer pays up to
Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London's Dorchester Hotel. The Chelsea
Liverpool beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Wembley on Sunday afternoon. Steven Gerrard was disappointing in
Liverpool have been linked with Memphis Depay. The Holland international has been given permission by PS
Everton beat Manchester United 1-0 at Goodison Park in the Premier League. James McCarthy
David Beckham's son Romeo ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday. The Beckhams
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will never win the Premier League. The Chelsea captain said Jose
The MGM Grand is expecting 50,000 guests to come through for the fight. The fight
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s
Edinson Cavani visited a zoo after Barcelona's 2-0 defeat by PSG.
St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson accidentally speared team-mate John McGinn with a
Paula Radcliffe set the world record for the distance at the London Marathon. The 41-
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Franz Beck
Liverpool fans plan to protest against rising prices of tickets. Hull City have charged Liverpool fans £
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal in the competition. The Germany international became the
James Haskell posted the photo on Instagram. The England flanker is in the new Avengers:
Andy Carroll poses on an over-sized chair as he poses on Instagram. The West Ham
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings in New York City. The Ukrainian was awarded
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have come face-to-face just once. The
Mick Schumacher is making his debut in single-seater racing. The 16-
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch new Puma
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 at the Emirates to go one step closer to the title.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event for Brad Dalke. The 17
John Terry has made 38 Premier League appearances for Chelsea this season. The 34-year-
Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in their La Liga clash. Javier Hernandez
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2. The striker
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-4 to win
EA Sports' PFA Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night. Sergio Aguero
Chelsea's Eden Hazard named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday. Steven Gerrard, Daniel
Bafetimbi Gomis has been out of action for three to four weeks
Manchester United fan gave Louis van Gaal a list of potential targets. Dutchman read out names
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four players in the summer. Arsenal need goalkeeper
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts,
£125 top is a Pink skirt with Floral print skirt. £109 is a Flor
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup. Nike have
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter. The Barcelona star joined
Jose Mourinho was forced to start without a striker after Didier Drogba went off injured
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against USA in the executive committee ballot.
Adam Federici left the pitch after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort. Reading goalkeeper had already
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. The striker has
Manny Pacquiao has appeared in a hilarious Foot Locker advert. The Filipino is set
Fabian Delph fires Aston Villa into the lead after just eight minutes. Philippe Coutinho
The Apple Watch Sport is shown to shatter after being dropped. It has an Ion-X
The New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX. Tom
Chelsea drew 0-0 at Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Mario Balotelli
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday. Troy Deene
Xavi played 148 times in the Champions League last 16. The Barcelona midfielder set the record
Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16. EA
F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel. He was sat
Motherwell will fight with the SPFL over free entry to play-offs. The SP
Jason Denayer is set to return to England to spend a season on loan. Manchester City
The gate at Border Field State Park in California was opened for Children's Day. It was
Only 25% of voters think Cameron is hungriest to win the election. 43%
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham is to introduce the DNA test. The
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the
Chris O'Dowd expressed his frustration at Gatwick Airport staff who threw out his
Saskia's football fan boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test. He asked her questions about
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book. He claimed
Ronald Butcher left half a million pounds to Daniel Sharp after he died. The 'private and
Ousman Jatta took his wife Beryl, 88, to a care home in
James Rodriguez scores stunning left-footed volley. Almeria have completed 184 passes so far
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded executioners for their work
Rodrigo Gularte was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his
Arshdeep Kaur and her mother Shinder were travelling from their home in Punjab.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu
Lib Dems release details of secret plans to cut child benefit. Danny Alexander says they were drawn
Oldham Athletic have signed 16-year-old Ronaldo Brown. The teenager is named after
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a Chinook helicopter to fly his family to safety during the fall
French soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine. Investigation has been underway since last year
Pema Lama, 15, was rescued from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmand
Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when the walls of his four-storey home came
Scottish First Minister talked up chances of being king-maker. Miliband rules out deal with resurg
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human leading human lie detector. He appeared on
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims party would become'redundant
Javier Hernandez has impressed at Real Madrid in recent weeks. The 26-year-old has
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years. He has been confined
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament. More than 1,
Home Secretary said new legislation is urgently needed to update laws. She said Parliament would be left
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the 'biggest' form of
Lee McCulloch was booed by Rangers supporters for an error. McCall says he has
Parliament's expenses watchdog launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret. But Court of
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, 10 years ago.
Research carried out by Forsa Institute found only 9% of Germans now consider the end of
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his car. He
Bion Kimberly, a'superhero' scientist, has been exploring the Chernobyl exclusion
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Thursday night. The fight was always going
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the vintage
Charlie Patino, 11, is a talented mid-felder who has been spotted at
Everton players attended annual Academy Day at Finch Farm on Tuesday. Leon Osman, Phil Jag
Ivan Rakitic and Raquel Mauri are enjoying a beach holiday. The pair have been
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2 at the MGM Grand. Motown
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City. Arsenal midfielder showed off
Kieran Gibbs and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain took Tyga for a tour
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife Antonella Roccuzzo kissing her
Andy Murray and coach Amelie Mauresmo will take a break after Wimbledon.
Ade Adebayo, 34, booked a trip to Las Vegas back in December
Adnan Januzaj turned out for Under 21s at Sheffield World Championships. Manchester United
Theo Walcott has been on a bench for 17 of Arsenal's 33 Premier League games.
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour were the subject of a mix
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season. Messi scored twice
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott and Hazel Irvine over snooker. Ferguson
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. The McLaren driver was running on
Roger Federer is favourite to win the French Open. The Swiss star says Rafael Nadal
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Luis Suarez scored
Addison Russell, 21, accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers. The rookie
Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Real Madrid's 3-0 win over
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA. The pair posed in caps
Chelsea drew 0-0 against Arsenal at St George's Park on Sunday. Didier D
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United beat Fulham 4-1. The Dutch
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2. The
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne among sporting stars to attend. McCoy
Didier Drogba has been awarded with the Barclays Spirit of the Game. The Chelsea
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas. But no tickets have
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas. The mega-fight
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum says the contract for the mega fight has yet
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-
Meteor was captured on camera in Portadown, County Armagh. Experts say it could
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company acneium Vision. It is based on
Bettina Liano is being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created the device for his own business. It fires beams from
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The
Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United all in the top five leagues. Manchester United
Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan
Researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from
Nepal received 'beef masala' aid as part of relief package from Pakistan. The
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi. The legally-
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the
Ian Merrett, 28, was jailed for 12 months for wolf-whistling Po
Kellie Maloney says a vote for the party is wasted. She says the party will
Researchers at Stanford University believe antibodies could eradicate primary tumours and distant metastases. They say
Incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is the star of Periscope, Twitter's new live
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both smashed 35 goals this season. The pair are in
Dundee United have been linked with John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci.
Jimmy White's bid to play in the World Snooker Championship at the Cru Cru Cru
Five men each played a vital role in the Normandy campaign that began with D-Day land
Manny Pacquiao is a former karaoke artist who has been a star in the
Celtic have never won a major trophy in their last 15 years. But they have suffered four
Johanna Basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups. En
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl at a Zara clothing store in
Reddit thread focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines. One user described the process of
Manchester City play Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday. The match will be played
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup final. Tammy Abraham scored twice to
Chelsea beat Manchester City 2-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. Tammy Abraham
Chelsea beat Leicester City 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Sunday. Didier D
The tags were lost in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach. The dog
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las
Beijing International Airport is launching the world's biggest terminal. The new terminal will cover 700,
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions on Sunday. The German champions beat Hertha Berlin 1-
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack with
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food. Chef Q has been cooking for the champion
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last
Celtic U17 beat Rangers 2-0 in the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park. Josh
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. The Cherry and
Barry Hearn rules out giving a season-long tour wild card to Reanne Evans.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Sunday. John Terry scored
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship. The
New drug oxaliplatin can activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but
Castello Baronale, situated just 50km from Rome, is on the market for £
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish League Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny
Dita Von Teese will lead burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch in Tucson, Arizona
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea. The 34-year-old
Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Wid
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on Saturday. The bout
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for the Betfred World Championship. Reanne Evans will face
Harry Davies-Carr and his brother Charlie starred in the viral video. The pair,
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 1-0 on
Craig Sibbald headed in a Blair Alston cross in the 74th minute.
Pilots give their insider tips on where to get the best view of your destination.
Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, outlines her top tips to boost concentration
For the super-rich, booking holiday travel is far different than booking a trip. For
Manny Pacquiao is one of the biggest names in the sport. The Filipino has been
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao on Saturday. Canadian pop star will carry Mayweather's
Scottish football is engaged in a Faustian pact. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million
Jeff Powell is the boxing's boxing correspondent for CNN. The pair were in Las Vegas on
Celtic won the Scottish Premiership for the fourth year in a row. Stefan Johansen was nominated
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of their fight
The dream of a holiday home is never to come, but for the lucky minority, it
Chelsea set to announce £4.5m signing of Brazilian midfielder Nathan Allan de Souza
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape. Instead, she avoids
The couple are suing the book's author, who used the pen name Lacey Noonan
Floyd Mayweather is selling T-shirts with the Philippines flag in the background. Manny Pacqu
Racism is rife in the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast. Racism
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were caught trying to smuggle heroin. The pair
Amal Clooney, 37, appeared before reporters at the National Press Club in Washington.
Eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial. The riot erupted in
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier ruled out for the rest of the Bundesliga season with
Bayer Leverkusen released Emir Spahic from his contract after brawl. The defender was
Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern Munich beat Frankfurt 3-0. The Poland international is
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of 500, has come under increasing scrutiny. A former
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with
Liris Crosse, 32, grew up in Baltimore, Maryland. She says she idol
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play League. The
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the Saints
Southampton missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City to two points as
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Petr Cech has made just four league
Adrien Broner and 50 Cent were watching Premier Boxing Champions. Broner was seen wearing
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze posed for a picture on Sunday night. The
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has launched a new website called zlaaatan.com.
James Holmes is on trial in the shooting deaths of 12 people and injured 70 others in July
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, in the Bronx
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in
Steve Simonsen placed bets on a total of 50 games over a year. The Rangers
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south
Microsoft hopes to make it easy for developers to rapidly adapt apps to run on devices that use
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year. First quarter
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists
Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed. The songs are additionally
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks
Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated
Named Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image
David Beckham is expected to celebrate his 40th birthday at Amanjena resort. Tom Cruise
New master plan will see entry to the site moved to visitor and orientation centre. The project
A fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat. One
Arsenal will receive £1.8million for winning the FA Cup final. The figure is
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB’s head of selectors looks set to
England have been poor in the first Test in Antigua. They are one-paced
Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for Tottenham. The club's best chance of securing
The USA Freedom Act would allow phone companies to collect phone records from phone companies under a court
Testimony is a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known. blood of adult woman before
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants the reader
Angelika Graswald, 35, charged with second-degree murder in the death of
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp performed The Sugarhill Gang classic. Barnes was joined halfway
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian. The pair aim to
Robbie Keane sings Havana Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George and the Culture Club
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert. The pair
Passengers were stranded on two East Grinstead to Victoria trains in South London. One was
Anderson Silva met with Brazilian taekwondo officials on Wednesday. The former UFC champion said
Eugenie Bouchard beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in
Zac has become a bona-fide buff babe, you've got it. He's
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Inf infrared Spectrometer (
Scientists from the University of Connecticut studied data from 131 biodiversity studies. They found animals in small
Instagram rolled out its update last night that lets users search for hashtags using emoji. But
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale have shed new light on the evolution of
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory. The spooky
Jimmy Anderson is England's leading wicket-taker in Tests. Anderson has been the leader
Chelsea allowed trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday. Premier League had asked for BBC
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park in the Aviva Premiership. Sam Burgess made
Sam Burgess has struggled to make an impact in midfield since leaving rugby union. Burgess was called
George Ford scored the only try of the game in the first half. The fly half was
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said marital rape was'made
Site uses statistical algorithms to analyse any image. Can even identify groups of poeple.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga music festival. The 21
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 Firstbas. The film is
James Corden posted a picture of himself with Odell Beckham Jnr. The former England
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino. Kimmel's
Frank Lampard joined up with parent club New York City in July. The 36-year
Quinton Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. Jackson takes on Fab
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces,
Stuart Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in last 14 Tests. The 28-
Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six players pulled out.
Six players withdraw from Leeds squad ahead of Charlton clash. Mirco Antenucci,
Pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father back in 1913. The young girl
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, believes she will be executed by
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season. Hull City boss Steve
Bradford City's Valley Parade was attended by 56 football supporters. The fire killed all but one
Dundee United lost 2-1 at rivals Dundee United in the derby. Dundee
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, was a former corrections officer. He was
A high-level ministerial briefing obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals 'unprecedented' number
Sandstorm caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights cancelled. Strong winds
Jennifer Saunders confirmed cast will begin filming in autumn. She revealed Joanna Lumley told her
Fewer than one in three have heard of the UK’s biggest cause of food
Aliesha Peterson, 22, started exercising in August 2013 and has since gained a six
Campaigners against 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' adverts are celebrating. Transport for London
FA Cup to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in new £30m deal.
Emirates will rebranded the Emirates FA Cup as the Emirates FA Cup. The Dubai-based
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. The Manchester middle
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Russian side Zenit St Petersburg. The 33
Yoshinori Muto is considering a move to Chelsea this summer. The FC Tokyo forward
Carl Frampton is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion. Scott Quigg
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook have been poor for England. Trott has been
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an England call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 after a long battle with depression. In
Amanda Holden, 44, is cover star of Good Housekeeping for June 2015 issue. Britain
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering,
Khloe Kardashian posted a photo to Instagram on Monday night as protests turned to riots in Baltimore
Brian Williams is refusing to go down without a fight, it has been reported. NBC News
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career. The 27-year
Dulwich gallery introduced fake painting to its 270 Old Master paintings. But visitor numbers quadrupled
Alistair Brownlee won World Triathlon Series in Cape Town. Olympic champion missed three
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old
Jimmy Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's England Test wicket-taking record. Botham
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. The Dutchman
Manchester City fans sing a song with the phrase: 'We're not really here' Ricky
Jamie Vardy scored a late winner for Leicester City against West Brom. The Foxes striker
Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash on Saturday. Mauro Vil
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to secure promotion to the Football League. Martin Allen
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg place bet on Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
Hulk has been linked with a move to Zenit St Petersburg. The 28-year-
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title on Saturday. Johnson beat Kyoji
Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League last-16 first leg on Wednesday. Dimitar Ber
England face Canada in the World Cup quarter-finals in June. Toni Duggan says
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko. Spurs scouts have already
Andriy Yarmolenko is wanted by PSG and Juventus. The Ukraine winger
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Barclays Premier League. The club have been linked with
Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance for the first Test. But he
Tiger Woods hit a shot out of the pelt on the ninth hole at Augusta. The
Marseille are pushing for a £15m sale for Florian Thauvin. The
Hugo Lloris is a top Premier League goalkeeper. Spurs want to keep the France keeper
Organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk. This could affect infant brain growth and
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, was moderating a
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines
15-month-old girl arches back and pushes out her belly in the background.
Uber driver was filmed singing along to a radio broadcast. At first the driver lets the radio
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur. The fearless ward
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed in the bathroom. He is filmed climbing up and down the
Liam Sandham films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass. The
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. She had regained feeling and movement
Rita Wilson and the cast of the actress appear in a satirical new video promoting gender equality.
Six children and their children are blindfolded and asked to pick their mum out of the
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung. It claims the mysterious claw
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin
Shibu Inu and husky dog were filmed at an American Kennel Club centre.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon,
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up
The footage was captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province. The woman holds two
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania. Footage shows his head slowly dipping
Baron the German Shepard was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school. Footage shows
Snowboarder filmed himself on slopes in Chiisagata District, Japan. He was
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend. The
Mesut Ozil has been wearing his brand new Apple Watch for the past two weeks.
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal. The Manchester middleweight was
Chris Smalling signs new Manchester United contract. Defender had been linked with Arsenal move after poor
The pair played together for New York Fury in the late 1970s. The pair were pioneers
Hashim Amla will join Derbyshire next month for three NatWest T20 Blast
Allan Donald has been in the role for four years. The 48-year-old has
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota
Jia Jiang is a successful entrepreneur. He spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
Arsenal need to sign four players this summer to challenge for Premier League title. Thierry
Sarah Weatherill, 31, became addicted to the drink after studying for law exams. She
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs is home to around 30 drivers. The unusual format has
Knight was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10m to $5m
Suge Knight, 49, was arrested for killing Terry Carter, 55, and trying to
Benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute as Wigan Athletic beat Wolves
Martyn Waghorn was sent off for Millwall for a late penalty. Jimmy Abd
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son,
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family and holidaymakers.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS
Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to
Former Chelsea midfielder Michael Essien had a Range Rover Vogue stolen. Burglars made
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires.
Javier Hernandez is out of contract at Real Madrid. Manchester United loaned the Mexico striker to
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United. Ancelotti is willing
Michael Juskin, 100, allegedly killed his wife Rosalia, 88, with an
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged in connection to three separate DUI
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire, in ten acres of se
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the consequences of seeking
Victoria Miller, who researched the codpiece for her PHD, said the codpiece would
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn takes on Ricky Hatton. Benn, 51, is
Micah Richards is out of contract at Manchester City at the end of the season. The
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow. The
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. He was
The lioness was chasing the giraffe in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe. She
Martin Odegaard was pictured with former Brazil international Ronaldo. The 16-year-old
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig in three rounds in New Jersey. The 21
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday. The pair
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side have
David Raven scored the winner as Inverness beat Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United. But he will need more than
Teana Walsh made the ill-advised post on her Facebook page. She said Baltimore
Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out
Georgia Davis, 22, weighs 55st and is 5ft 6in tall. She has
A phallic shaped cloud appeared over Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. Lab
Fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters Monday night, including two who were
Ad world's top gunslingers rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience. Ad
Volcano, 31, was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing in Benghazi. Rapping in
NSW's Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely' plan.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pl
Stoke City are challenging West Ham for Pedro Obiang. The 23-year-old is
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government's tax approach as a'morbid joke' The
West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League. West Indies bats
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking
First incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris.
Indonesian president Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival Prabowo
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer within
Tesla founder Elon Musk unveiled the $3,000 (£1,980) device last night
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected
Researchers studied stone tools used by early modern humans. They found Neanderthals were no better
James Houlder and his girlfriend were on holiday at the Sonesta Beach Resort. The couple
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. The 28-year-
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1 in Belfast. Natasha Flint bag
Alastair Cook hit 76 but couldn't push on to all-important hundred. The
Twiggy, 65, models summer range for M&S. Says she has never
Donatella Versace, 59, is fronting a new campaign for rival design house
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport. He was accused of
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. Ramsey believes that the implementing of
Jarret Stoll was arrested at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas last week. He was
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on Sunday. The 20-year
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of Otago Harbour.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September. He was
Joe Root has been superb in his middle-order role for England. Root has been left
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains. He decided to perform surgery on
Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard married model Misse Beqiri last year.
WADA chief David Howman said he was disappointed Lance Armstrong hadn't apologised for his doping
Former head of international cycling Hein Verbruggen unhappy with report. climate change has sent
Mesut Ozil has been sublime but he didn't do enough against Chelsea. The German
Rickie Lambert has been ineffective since joining Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers has ignored the striker's World
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. The Frenchman is
Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to the US or
Toby, 25, stars in Jacamo summer ad. personal trainer is joined by professional cr
The Avert system is the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch. It was
Taline Gabrielian, 33, has recreated the entire range of Mars bars. She
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and
Korean motor firm SsangYong launches sports utility vehicle. The £12,950
The poster, promoting weight loss, was defaced after complaints from campaigners. The ad,
Fabio Lavato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local cinema. The pair met
Bombardier beetle mixing chemicals in an'reaction chamber' in its stomach. When
The four Chihuahuas were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas. But
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on April 19
Jordan Meikle was running the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf. He was
Paul Smith will face Andre Ward in Oakland, California on June 20. The California man has
Jack Grealish was pictured taking 'hippy crack' after night out nearly a year
Alastair Cook scored the runs as England beat West Indies. The England captain has learnt
The Akron, Ohio, stadium was built during the Second World War and was completely unused for
Leslie Cooper, 36, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. He is
Jessica McCarty, 27, was arrested on March 20 after she called 911 on herself and
Hector Morejon, 19, was shot dead by a Long Beach, California, police officer
Alexia Christian, 25, was taken into custody and placed in a patrol car. Witnesses
Tony Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Car
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet tarantula at her Los Angeles home. She held
The baby elephant was taking a stroll through the bush at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 after making a hidden stop. Police say
Alpha kangaroo Roger was gifted his new friend by a fan. The kangaroo
McCoy will attend the wedding of one of his wife's friends. He will also attend the
Liam Ridgewell is in action for Portland possess in the US. Ridgewell is
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain. He has ridden 298 from
Lada Niva 4x4 is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell. She
The £400million Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand. The fly is initially seen enjoying itself as
Saige, five, from the US, is upset with her brother's behaviour. She
Silverback at Nebraska's Henry Doorley Zoo was left terrified. He decided to run at
Arnold Palmer was the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta. Sandy
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg. The Briton extended his
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix for the fourth time in his career. The Briton
Bahrain held the inaugural Bahrain Grand Prix in 2004. Michael Schumacher won the first race
Shanghai held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004. Michael Schumacher's Renault won the
Zafar Ansari is England's most academically gifted all-rounder since Ed Smith
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game. The
Bournemouth are considering expanding the Goldsands Stadium. The club have a 12,
Manchester United will play four games in the USA this summer. The Premier League giants will travel
Chelsea will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25. Jose Mourinho's side were knocked
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Migno
Liverpool have released their new kit for the 2015-16 season. New Balance supplying the club
West Ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with Umbro. Umbro supplied
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their US tour. The club are expected to
Bon Apetit say that the water trick will revive your bread. They suggest running it
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes. Chlamydia
Newcastle United supporters have planned a mass protest against Mike Ashley. Ashley Out.com was behind
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team. The
Pattie Boyd married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton. The model, 71
Floyd Mayweather Jr will face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday. The fight
Kaka wore a vest reading 'I Belong to Jesus' after AC Milan's Champions
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. Ramsey has been overlooked for countless
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool. The 20-year
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will face each other in Las Vegas. The fight will
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20. Khan's
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard for his mega-fight. The $25,000
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Ian Botham. Anderson needs to
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba. The French midfielder
Sami Khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from Manchester United
Ander Herrera has impressed Manchester United's scouts. Barcelona have long-held interest in the
John Terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Arsene Wenger is up against the ultimate
Jack Grealish was caught inhaling nitrous oxide by Liverpool. The Aston Villa midfielder
Aston Villa have struggled to compete but are a proper club. Tim Sherwood has invigor
Patrick Vieira is a class act off the pitch but in the off-field setting he
Spain won Euro 2008 and the European Championships in 2012. The national team have been booed
Carlo Ancelotti has lost six out of every three matches in 2015. Real Madrid have
Marseille face Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 on Sunday night. Marse
Chris Smalling is at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence. Bayern Munich's Thomas Muller
Ian Ladyman is making his Formula One debut after a impressive start. The West Indies bats
England have won all three of their Cricket World Cup matches. England have won all four matches
Jack Wilshere is out of contract at Arsenal at the end of the season. The
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive. Oscar hasn't completed a
Arsenal manager Jose Mourinho and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry were in good spirits. The pair
Reading beat Arsenal 1-0 at Wembley to reach the FA Cup final. The match was
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby. The Sky Sports commentary
Harry Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Arsenal vs Liverpool. Former Tottenham
Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale is a transfer target. The Welshman has said he wants to
Raheem Sterling is entitled to buy-out the last year of his current contract.
Liverpool have put a £50m price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell. If
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain. The 19-year-old
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row. The 21-year-old
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old was
Tiger Woods returns to Augusta to practice ahead of The Masters 2015. Woods was making his first
Nico Rosberg finished second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton. The German was disgruntled by
Memphis Depay scored 20 goals in his debut season for PSV. The 21-year
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last week.
Eden Hazard is the front-runner to win PFA Player of the Year. But John
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear
Eddie Howe is the man who has got the players buzzing. The 37-year-old
Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish impressed at Wembley. The pair impressed after their
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. The match could
Louis van Gaal has been key to Manchester United's revival. Juan Mata, Juan Mata and
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals. Jermain Def
Mesut Ozil is worth paying to watch when at his best. The German has been
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday. Arsenal will be looking to keep pace
Michael Carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in England. The
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order. Barnet boss says it is
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. The British
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton. The fight has been a frustrating few
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities. Benaud was the voice of cricket
England must be free to pick their best players, no matter where in the world they ply
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for Bath on Friday night. Burgess
England are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional' clause in their squad. Steff
Ulster confirmed Charles Piutau's move to Belfast. The All Black wing rejected a new
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina.
Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly disallowed a penalty in the 96th minute of England
Dann set up Glenn Murray for the first goal (2) and set up Glenn Murray
Leicester have won three of their last three Premier League fixtures. Nigel Pearson has created a positive
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham this weekend. Villa boss has set
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have impressed this season. The trio have
Tony McCoy announced he will retire in February. The 20-times champion jockey says the
McCoy rode Box Office, Box Office and Box Office in the final ride of his racing career
AP McCoy shed tears as he left Sandown on Saturday night. The 20-time champion
Orlando City beat Portland CBI 2-0 at Providence Park. Former Real Madrid ace Kaka
Cause of Causes is a horse who could have ridden him at Cheltenham. Cause of
AP McCoy has won two Cheltenham Gold Cup races before retiring. He has been described
AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave. The 40
AP McCoy is the last horse to win the prestigious race at Downpatrick. The 15-
Adam Gemili says he is nowhere near Usain Bolt's standard. Gemili says Bolt
Becky James has been out injured for a whole year. The Road to Rio cyclist is desperate
RBS reposted a £inskimillion loss in the first three months of the year
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg all wore trousers. Justine marched
Bournemouth will host Premier League football next season. Arsenal have not started the season at
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamins.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50m (£
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' Arsenal drew 0-
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday. Olivier Giroud says he
Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 skidded off runway at Hiroshima Airport. Reports say
Mario Gomez opened the scoring for Fiorentina in the 43rd minute. Dynamo Kiev
The wall, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, comprises some 462 trails
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. They
Arsenal are interested in signing Jack Wilshere from Manchester City. The Gunners are looking
The new dinosaur, named Yidemi, was found in a Chinese farmer. Palae
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe. Morrison
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner in the 82nd minute to send Dn
The pictures were taken by the cat's owner Jason Bryant in Somerset. The pair battle it
Kevin Gameiro saved his goalkeeper's blushes with a late equaliser. Sevilla had
Group, called Jaysh Al-Islam, is a militant group which opposes the Syrian regime
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on
Henley and Partners created Visa Restrictions Index. index scores countries globally in accordance to their
We Are Handsome's Activewear range features model and model models. Lindy Klim
models at the Benz Fashion Week in Sydney sported a full face of sequins. The
Charlie Bothuell, now 13, was found in basement of Detroit home last June.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani in a play-off in the Fed Cup.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider in Hallett Cove, South Australia. He
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the final
Pregnant puffin spotted swimming in Grand Union canal near Brentford. The bird was
ISIS jihadis understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil area
The baby was found inside a garbage can outside a sorority house at Muskingum University
Chad Geyen, 45, was found dead Sunday from a gunshot wound at a park
Barcelona beat PSG 1-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the Champions League semi-
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round. The
Finland has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour. It has been increasingly worried about its powerful
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka ship
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria.
Serena Williams heads into Miami Open final with 17-0 record. Williams faces Carla
Russia beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 to reach the
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair
Jonny May was dropped from England's Six Nations squad by coach David Humphreys. The
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES. Islamic state militants release images of beheading of man.
Gloucester fly-half James Hook has only made two starts for Wales. Hook says he
Eidur Gudjohnsen put Cardiff ahead in the 55th minute. Craig Davies doubled
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 in Monte
New ISIS video shows beheaded and shot Christians in Libya. At least 16 men are seen
Belle Gibson is still being investigated by Victoria Police. The health guru is being investigated over claims
Norway's military leaders are worried about Russia's presence on its'strategically important'
Andreas Lubitz, 27, was found dead after the Germanwings plane crashed. Investigators found
A fire broke out at an apartment near Grand Valley State University in Michigan. A fire was
Tom Brady posted a picture of himself in a hospital bed in a full cast on his Facebook
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter. Tes
Insurers dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less. But they are offering lower
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission. It is focusing
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a young star take shape over eight
EE shops will give away free portable chargers. Customers can swap one for a new one
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year. Award-winning artist Joe Jo
Bill and Hillary Clinton stayed with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Cas
Footage captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board the school bus. The
Dan Bilzerian, 31, was arrested last year after being accused of placing homemade explosives
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from police in Bradford, West Yorkshire. He
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-
Ukip source revealed party had planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients. But when it
Heston Blumenthal's Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire, named eighth best restaurant in world
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California. He had
The woman was driving to the hospital when she was stuck in traffic. A nurse who was
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with children arriving in classes unable to speak English.
The barbaric terror group released photos of the appalling wasteage. Images show crates of chicken being
Kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at three times the size of his peers. The
Octavia Spencer was at a Barnes & Noble book signing in Los Angeles last week to aut
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, said she turned down the role because she had already played
Anthony Horowitz said books by the comedian are 'witty and entertaining' But he said they
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment. Said more jobs were being created was 'absolute
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in prison for running a pair
Shadow chancellor unveiled poster claiming voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes
Barbara Walters believes Monica Lewinsky could make The View competitive and compelling. The former White House
RSPCA inspectors were called after they received numerous calls. One horse was found in an
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed Germanwings Airbus A320 into French Alps. Investigators found
Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7. The Kentucky senator is expected to
Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's Joint Terrorism Task Force will be placed on modified duty.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, was arrested after a gun fight broke
House in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Labour leader is willing to trade away nuclear deterrent in order to secure
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance. He
John Chapple, originally from North Devon, has traveled around the world and created stunning pan
The prosecution has rested the murder trial of Aaron Hernandez. The former New England Patriots tight end
ICRC has been negotiating for a week to deliver supplies to Yemen. Saudi-led coalition
Boobesh Palani, 26, has died at Wellington Hospital. He was rescued from
Marina Lyons, 80, took her beloved dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital
Prime Minister visited Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Primary School near Bolton. He was helping pupils Lucy How
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife Sm
First people to cash in their pension pots began to receive their money. Pension firms said Britons
Dog belonging to a Brazilian drugs gang laid down alongside its owner. Picture shows the dog surrender
'remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of British banks' profits. The
Pelvic organ prolapse, orisal, occurs when tissue supporting pelvic organs – including the
David and Samantha Cameron were pictured at breakfast with their children. The couple were filming the No
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist
The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert
No clear winner in the race for the top job in the general election on May 7.
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by shopping. She
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then
Samantha Giufre, 19, was dragged behind a car and dumped in a gutter
Michelle Mone, 43, bought Glasgow home after splitting from husband Michael. She paid £
The protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall. They
Denise Huskins, 29, was kidnapped from her home in Mare Island, California, on
Gen Nakatani told MPs that Japan has never been invaded by aliens. He said the
Thunderbirds was a futuristic puppet show that launched 50 years ago. The jerky puppets
Audrey Dimitrew accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club
Danel Hall Jr was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for a dog.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces a felony charge that she interfered with
NBC sketch parodied daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the
Police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook.
Rabie Dardouna, 33, said he was tricked into selling the door for
Jon Huxley, 46, is looking at 'developing' his hotel in Folk
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California, pleaded guilty to 16 felony counts in February.
Sydney Observatory captured every moment of the short lunar eclipse on Saturday night. The short lunar began
Teen, who goes by the name Dark, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued by a German-flagged ship on Thursday. He
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. Of those, 470
Marylin Stoneman entrusted with vulnerable victim's pin number, cheque books and bank
Chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow. She is
ABC is filming a pilot episode of The Muppet Show, in the hopes of bringing the
Tutti Rouge's Jessica is a first on the larger bra market. The bra features
Gary Lineker labelled Ukip leader a 'd***' after making comments on HIV. Match
Four people were arrested after fight broke out at Resorts World Casino.
Michelle Obama and Jimmy Fallon joined in a follow-up routine to one they did in 2013
Bowe Bergdahl, the U.S. Army Sergeant, left his post in
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years. It has been accused of abusing
The total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
The family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black
Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of 4,7
Almost half of French 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol. Health chiefs say
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
NASUWT union says posters warn teachers and parents to respect them. Research shows that the
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ryan
Casey, 31, has unveiled her summer range with Honeyz.com. Says it was
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched attack on Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine. They were on display
Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca, 15
Amedy Coulibaly stormed Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four. Four hostages
Syed Viqaruddin was killed in the shooting in Telangana state. He
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after being beaten unconscious. He was
Kecil the baby ape was rejected by his mother and a surrogate mother. He was
Qatar Airways flight diverted after severe winds stopped landing. Passengers were forced to stay in their
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went to wash her clothes in the river
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 in the first set
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest. Jeanette Rosen
The Queen was at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional service. She was joined by the Duke of
Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, is facing charges after being accused of kicking
Tong Shao, 20, went missing in September 2014 and her body was found in her
Kevin Mulholland, 45, has been on a lifelong sex ban. His wife
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg in January. Gloucester No 8 is
British researcher claims he has proof of alien life on Earth. Milton Wainwright says organisms
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to scarecrow. Prosecutors believe he died during
11% of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. In contrast, pupils
Steven Abberley hurled tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons debate. He then threw
Ceva Logistics employees heard moaning in a bathroom stall at 10am Tuesday. Not long
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their
Man, 45, underwent 27-hour procedure to reconstruct his neck, mouth, tongue and
Nearly 2,000 inscriptions found in Naours, northern France. Site's proximity to
Zoe and Eleanor Wright, both three to six, worry about being fat. A fifth of
Scar Booth, available from Apple's iTunes store for 79p, superimposed 77 wounds on
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station was a backdrop for Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy. The art
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division that the ads featured a
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. The
Hospital of Dolls in Rome, Italy, was established by the Squatriti family
Scientists from Purdue University in Indiana analyzed rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton
Scientists studied genetic, fossil and archaeological evidence. They say Neanderthals suffered from diseases like
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for salad chain Sumo Salad. The food
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. But they are
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth. Carole Maggio, the LA
The 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university
James Ramirez, 37, called to Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45am. Gill
Philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting. The dome-shaped Hue Go can be
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's Baathist army.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested after
ISIS militants entered Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with Syria.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would give babies to adoptive parents for as
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years. He
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born. They were born
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren
Clare Goldwin, from Boden, says she sometimes fork out for her daughter's colourful
Shay Stewart-Bouley, a black mother and a white father, were out for
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in the BBC's much
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of unwanted sexual advances.
Grey hair trend is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media
Images show gender stereotyping in toy shops. pink toys are popular with science toys and science
Harper Lee, 88, is reportedly deaf and blind and lives in Monroeville,
Mick Schumacher, 16, made his Formula 4 pre-season test debut in March
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday
Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show's latest addition.
Kalman Kallai took the rocking chair for free from online advertisement site Kijiji
A massive fire broke out Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky
All Saints Church re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend regular Thursday
Turner's broody Ross will return for another series, alongside Eleanor Tomlinson. The
French special forces raid on rescue of Dutchman Sjaak Rijke. Rij
Woolworths say their customers will purchase enough hot cross buns to stretch from Sydney to
Jennifer Houle, 22, was last seen at a bar in Minneapolis early on Friday morning
Max Factor is the brand that transforming Monroe from a mmare brunette to a knockout blonde
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in Hull. The former Tory councillor said
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the
Lindsey Walker booked in for an overnight stay at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay. The
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the scam when he received a message
Kim Callaghan piled on the pounds after giving birth of her two children. The 39-
Scientists have found a new type of virus that infects bacteria. This is because it causes
Piper Kulk died in hospital on Sunday morning, her brother William died later that evening.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent. Employers now appear wary about the economy
Cleopatra, the famed Egyptian beauty, bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Donny Ray Williams, a former Democratic congressional aide, was spared jail time on Friday because
Chef Ally Lees of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham created the massive omelette.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, became known in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen
Greece due to repay £330m loan to IMF on April 9. Deputy finance minister Dim
wide leg trouser trend is at the forefront of SS15 trends. Louise says it is
Bob Katter, federal MP for Kennedy, said the Government assumed Billy Gordon would quit after
Detective Patrick Cherry was filmed ranting at an Uber driver. The driver, known only as
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac is home to 11 white Art Deco
Denise Chiffon Berry and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when
28 out of 700,000 babies born in 2013 were given the name. That compares to
Hotelier, 37, has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth. He paid for
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011. The couple had a son
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the
California has been in a drought for four years. The order calls on local water agencies to
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine user
James Bowen has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob. The former
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health. But parents have been
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. He was jailed for
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, sent a letter to
Linsey 'Jade' Berardi has died aged 22. She starred in season 12
Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone have had their visa application rejected. The single-
Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the 'pleasure troupe' of young
Brittany Lynkell of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person
Jaye Cox and her husband Matthew decided to give birth prematurely. Annabelle Cox was
Matsuko Deluxe made his debut on Japanese television show on Saturday. The robot is controlled by
Prime Minister David Cameron took advice from martial arts pupils. He suggested using jujitsu to
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National will be based on superstitions. 70
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people in the 1930s
Turkey lifted block on social media sites after Twitter, Facebook and YouTube agree to remove images of
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jema
Labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts. Ed Miliband said it was
Jennifer Barnett, 60, died last September of mesothelioma - asbestos. She
The singer, 30, has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face sanctions for their argument with a referee
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home. His baby daughter was
Sue Townsend achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole. Book told of life and
Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite reveals the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled
Kady Marsh was in Melbourne for her best friend's wedding. She was told to use
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot tumour in his spinal column. 39
Gertrude Weaver, 116, of Camden, Arkansas, attributes her longevity to treating
New data shows average cost of a waterfront home in Salcombe tops £2million. In
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed
The woolly mammoth was thought to have died out from post-Ice Age climate change and
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano. Fredrik
A pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion
Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre in Beijing has 'cured' 75 per cent of
The iPad was launched in 2010, but critics were split on how popular it was. Five
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of July last
Boy, 10, became upset after his chess opponent didn't say 'checkmate' after
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans courtroom on Thursday. Defense team accused police
The Edwardian style steam yacht is on the market for more than $1.2 million
A medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules. If you want to munch
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued 40 crew members. The ship was being pursued by
The Church of England’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath’
Czech President criticised by Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in
Houses with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more than surrounding areas. But having a
Staff at Scooter's Coffee in Omaha were hacked for 24 hours. Hackers took control
Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies. The mother-
Justin Welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’ in his Easter sermon.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, loves all night parties and regularly emerges
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, was serving her in-laws tea when
Adam Rushton, 37, found guilty of five counts of misconduct. Staffordshire Police Deputy
The 28-year-old star, who recently starred in a West End play, says
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet last Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks
China's navy evacuated 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from danger zone. They included
11 former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme
Joni Mitchell, who has Morgellons disease for most of her life, has
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, charged with first-degree murder after allegedly killing David
Lois Lerner refused to answer questions from Congress about her role in the IRS targeting scandal. The
More than 2,000 workers evacuated yesterday after fire in Holborn. Fire started in underground
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in 2013. She was diagnosed
Tracy Stratton says her daughter Tianni suffered verbal abuse. She says the seven-year
Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during Pride, a British film released last
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of killing four
Samantha and David Cameron have ruled out adding to the family. Mrs Cameron gave birth to their
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got stuck in the turnst
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were flying in a Piper Cherokee light aircraft. Couple
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees
Jen Psaki is one of two women serving as White House communications aides. She is expecting
Jessica Ainscough died in February after a seven-year battle with cancer. She
Man, wearing orange high-vis jacket, was pictured hanging out door of van. He
Donald Trelford and his wife Claire have two children. The physical effort of coping with
Carly Lorenzo, a former Hewlett Packard head, is blaming the years-long drought
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams
Ben Hagon, 24, was driving a Mercedes sports car in Essex when it hit Tara
Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner for helping her deal with social media
Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with'Print All Over Me
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together at the Fuller Gospel Awards in Las
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of New Orleans.
Motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury. He
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in Minnesota in November 2001. She had
Asia Siddiqui, 31, was arrested in Queens, New York, on Thursday.
Amanda Holden presenting a new series on ITV highlighting plight of animals. The Britain's Got Talent
The average American high schooler could spend $ straw on the once-simple question: Will
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's saf
Mensa is an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet. The
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is the second smallest country in South America. The
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people prepared to join ISIS
Graeme Oxby documented fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis. The 50
Terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in crackdown
Russian military analyst Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column in the Military- cererial
Tim McNaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy
John Lewis has slashed prices on almost 200 Christmas decorations. The department store has knocked £250
Two obstetricians have been removed from Fiona Stanley Hospital. The move was based on resh
Paul Thomas, 32, and Ashley Jennifer White, 30, have been charged with felony child
Passengers who sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight. Ryanair has
The couple were in their 50s and from Cleveland. blood was found in the cabin aboard
Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20
Princess Beatrice, 26, was partying at Shoreditch House last night. She was
Bell 525 Relentless is a state-of-the-art helicopter with a luxury
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, is the first cousin to the Queen. She recalls the
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her
Patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year. Figures come from the
Sofia Davila, 21, from Buenos Aires, met men over Facebook. She would
Prince Harry, 30, took part in a training exercise in a 250mph Spitfire.
Nicola Horlick, 54, says she feels a noticeable difference in her body. fund
Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments on some medical instruments.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene share their holiday snaps on their Instagram pages and their
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed her relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson. Thompson
Rick Yoes, 57, was jailed for violating six code violations for his lawn. Y
Sharon Freundel gave a speech at a Maryland Jewish school on March 22. She said
Hotelier Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when windows were smashed. She
Leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross almost burned down his owner's home. The dog
Ralph Body manned the front desk of the 27th building in Long Island City, Queens,
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls to attract a mate. Male
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atzzachi, 42, faces being struck off the medical
PDSA warns that too many carrots are making bunnies fat. Carrots named worst
Patrick Sondheimer, 36, was the pilot of the doomed flight from Barcelona to D
Queensland Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python. The two-metre snake was
The former Bon Jovi guitarist is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone
airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers. The Army chief of Staff Gen.
Park Inn by Radisson launches'virtual holiday' service. E-scape allows customers to
Dan Poulter, Tom Brake and Gavin Shuker put themselves at mercy of
National Union of Teachers said it was time for schools to'shut down debate' They said
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was found at 9.45pm on Thursday
Gibbons, or 'hoos' are a variety of soft call types that are almost
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were
Joe Giudice, 42, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of
Summer Robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by currents off a beach. She had been
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out changing income tax threshold. Number of people paying 40p tax
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain
Karen Davis, 38, from Port Pirie, South Australia, was charged with disorderly behaviour
A woman has been charged with a string of offences after a racially-charged argument with neighbours
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was adopted from South Korea as
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina. He was
The Taliban have published a biography of their 'charismatic' supreme leader Mullah Omar
Boko Haram fighters have reportedly been murdering women and girls. They have also been using children as
Two Australians were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. The men were allegedly in
Author and leading atheist David Fitzgerald believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist
Chelsea Manning, 27, is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops
secret meeting between Moscow and Washington revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimea to Ukraine as
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation,
Iran and six world powers must now finalise the deal by June 30. Iran and the
Lee Ferguson was flung from his horse after a collision with the fence. The 18-year
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Taiwan
The U.S. government only admitted to a syphilis experiment in 2010, which was
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango behind her car on the B1066
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said FBI chose to cover up the potential role of a
Ofcom study says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. Mobile phone companies
trader purchased 315,800 shares of Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in
Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in months before her son Z
RSPCA has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act. Charity has been criticised
Gang took cars, cash, jewellery, electricals and paintings worth £1million.
Sarah Theeboom, from New York City, started shunning shampoo after a friend told
The Havasupai tribe is the smallest Indian nation in America. The tribe live in
Rae Johnston, 33, is a Sydney based tech and gaming journalist. She says she receives
Police raided Eagle Medical Practice and residential address. Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search
Video shows the moment a physics teacher swing an axe directly into a co-worker's genitals
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest. The first
British national, of Polish origin, arrested in Turkey as part of operation. He was arrested
Salvina Formosa, 101, from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has
The company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with lister
Youngster was reportedly in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kank
Airbnb has expansion plans for rapid growth in Cuba. More than 1,000 Cuban properties are
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence. The
Apple Insider has spotted nine job listings on its official recruitment site. These relate to batteries
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was turned away from a Qant
Stefanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born
Another Syrian girl was pictured in a Jordanian refugee camp weeping with fear after mistaking a camera
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow is trying to change people's perceptions of
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head to the Middle East next month. He will
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady
Carlos Colina, 32, is facing charges of being accessory after the fact to assault,
Dangelo Conner, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around with the weapon
Crsity Collins, 30, was a paramedic while high on crystal meth. She
Orgasmic meditation is a practice that marries sex with virginity. It is said
The IRS has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began
Scientists will monitor plants on the International Space System. They hope to use recycled urine to manufacture
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three types of rum, lime juice, fal
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country. The Himalayan
Lisa Colagrossi was returning from covering a house fire in Queens, New York on
Kristin Holmes, 26, arrested for 'Facebook thugging' after posting image. She
Ukip leader Nigel Farage called for number of arrivals to be limited at 50,000 a year
Green campaigning manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'identical' advice also
Choupette, three, has earned £2.18million from TV and fashion.
Sarah Thomas, 42, is a referee for college football's Conference USA. She has refere
Chris Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, saved the life of Michael
Rob, 28, is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were accused of trying to
Latisha Fisher, 35, charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing her 20-
Kathrin Goldbach and her family fear she will face the 'hatred of the world
Jordan Waddingham found the nest after following a trail of wasps. The 12-
A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with
Paris Picnics makes it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital like a local.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was 22, from a neurological disease that also left him
Tina Campbell paid £100 for the weave but was left with an infection and a hole in
Jared Henry of Arkansas was knocked off his longboard to the ground. The doe spins
Sussex Police poster urged women not to leave friends alone or wander off. Anti-rape campaigners
Sir Stirling, 85, has revealed his unusual daily routine in new documentary. He has
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground by adults. Parents were being pushed around
The £300,000 supercar was in the Hotel Exedra in Anzio
The Red Lady was found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' But he admitted
Meaghan Hudson, 25, sent text messages to friends saying she was suffering from multiple my
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow is her brother. She told
Scientist Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same
Robert Durst, 71, is on trial in New Orleans for murder of his friend Susan
Canadian Fair Trade Network hopes the images will raise awareness of the plight of garment workers around the
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim she was born on July 1, 1880. They
Samsung will supply 80% of Apple's supply of application processors. Company has previously supplied Apple
Independent investigators called into Royal Oldham and North Manchester General. Lisa Parkisson, 35,
Passengers forced to cancel train from Lichfield Trent Valley to Longbridge. Christopher Talbot
Rare cel was used as master version of the Yellow Submarine film. More than 240 artists
Charlie Chaplin's divorce papers lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were sentenced to death in January. The pair were
The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc Cave was built near Vallon-Pont
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt chest tightening and took out inhaler
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted. She was rushed to
Ruanne Dellal, 61, says her husband Jack was worth at least £400
John Clarkson, 55, from Preston, Lancashire, has created a new answer to
Julie Epstein has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission. She was found to be
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two
The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in
The TV star, 40, has written a tell-all book about her relationship with Jerry
Lindsey Norman spotted the resemblance in a hot cross bun she bought from Sainsbury's.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week. The twice
Ivan Milat is serving seven life sentences for the murders of seven young people. Milat
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer
Lara Logan, 43, was brutally assaulted in Tahrir Square in February 2011. She was
Cressida, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years. They split last April,
John Knott, 71, was concerned the gipsy camp would knock thousands off the
Dr Fredric Brandt hanged himself at his Miami mansion on Sunday. Coroner has confirmed
Australia authorities want to bring in more foreign workers. This is to help with the childcare shortage
Power outage affected Washington, D.C., the State Department, the Department of Energy,
Rosa Camfield was born in June 1913 and died Monday. Her family was four generations apart
Four Corners area of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah is the major U.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the EuroMillions
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary atresia within days of being born. Her parents
Diane Greenberg and her husband Bob are both devout Catholic. Diane is a devout Catholic and her
Virginia Roberts had hoped to sue Jeffrey Epstein for sex with her. But judge ruled her claims
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12. Prosecutors
Pharmacy 2U was found to be selling NHS patients' details without their knowledge. It
The orphaned youngsters were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner. Nursed cust
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves,
Christian Englander, 30, threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle on Monday night
Museum handed over rare items after tourist spotted dealer facing charges in India. The items were found
The two GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over
2,500 Boston police officers involved in tracking down the Boston Marathon bombers showed a lack of
Elijah McCrae suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy. He gets
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when
Photographs of late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book
Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snow
First-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp. It allows
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb,
Former British premier made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month. Visit
Author Margaret Atwood dismissed Duchess of Cambridge as an 'uneventful' dresser.
Scientists at Johns Hopkins University studied 11-month-olds. They were surprised when a ball
Charlene Bishop went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday. She was worried when
New figures show 29 per cent of GP training posts remain unfilled. This is at a
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly stabbing Trixie the
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of
Scientists at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California have spent nine years studying how to get the
Marine Le Pen defended having described Nazi gas chambers as a'"() Details of the
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15- to 30 years for rape of
Emirates and Etihad Airways were traveling in opposite directions between the Gulf and Seychelles
Japanese tourist, 48, charged with defacing the Florence Cathedral. She used an eyeliner
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool was previously known as Bridewell Prison. The Grade II
Qantas have enforced their'smart casual' dress code from April 1. The dress
Voters complained about aggressive campaigning tactics and fights. One complained wealthy party donors were luring activists
The 38-year-old man was stopped by police in Kansas City, Missouri, early
The Block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for
Alex Stock, a former friend of alleged victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured
Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London. He was the'man
Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd. The ship was believed to have
New World Wealth study found Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, is one of the fastest
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham after 30
Adele Berry, 21, contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate
Sinbad the ginger tabby cat made a bed for himself in a shipping container. R
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is ready for the drama. He said the public
Original Thunderbirds show launched 50 years ago and landed all over the world. But the jer
Oisin Tymon told police he did not want to press charges against Clarkson. But officers
Kevin Perz, 56, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories
Dr Fredric Brandt was a famed dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon. He graduated from Frank
Rita, 24, is the face of Rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign. The
The 20-month-old boy was found choking and struggling to breathe. He was rushed
Robert Mccombs testified that Steven Carl Day, 39, told him and his roommate Roger
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum
Abba and Bjorn visited the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, Belgium. The group was treated
Stony-faced shoppers burst into laughter at the artwork. The 6ft tall chocolate sculpture
David Cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, died in
Tanya Heath Paris has created a range of high heel designs. The £260 shoes have
Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky has brushed off the racial slur Andrew Harrison directed at him during a
Keith Anderson punched two men who he asked for a cigarette last year. One was a Lance
The 47-year-old was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. His family
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, is the star of the sitcom The
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers have discovered. The instinct
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was locked in a bedroom by her father, court
Documents released by Edward Snowden allege Britain spied on Argentina. Documents claim Britain feared it would
Teresa James, 40, from London, started whitening her teeth five years ago. She
Local Government Association warns it may not be able to create more places. Comes after head of
Hannah and Alex New Zealand wanted a home upon returning home after living in the UK. So
The pregnant woman and her partner were stranded after their trimaran overturned. A man spotted the
Ashton Canal in Manchester was filled with heavy suds after a fire at chemical plant. Water
The Dalny Vostok trawler sank in the Sea of Okhotsk 205
Labour launched poster declaring'Tories have made it harder to see a GP' But critics quick
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, died on Sunday.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, was last seen at a Halloween party October 26. She
Jodie Barden, 28, has been forced to plan both daughters' funerals
The 10-year-old autistic boy was put in a metal cage by his teachers.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers. Britain, as a
China National Tourism Administration to track unruly citizens. They hope strict measures will deter further misdem
Denise and Glen Higgs welcomed three children after IVF. Glen was infertile after
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, caught on CCTV stealing money
Hillary Clinton's office will be in the hipster district of Brooklyn, New York. The
Europe-wide survey revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed the more likely its residents
Ex-student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman. Says encounter was
Justin Welby said victims of Kenya university massacre were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjust
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after sacked. BBC say masthead
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, died in the explosion and building collapse of a building
Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died Monday. His leg was
Nick Clegg and Natalie Bennett were asked their opinion on sexting. Both men were
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still
Fourth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson was arrested for driving while licence was suspended. School officials said she
Researchers from Clarkson University in New York have compared air quality in buildings associated with ghost activity.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, received cruel messages about her
Party will launch billboard using image from 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster. But it
Three teenage girls, aged 16 and 17, were rescued after their car careened over a
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar hugged his client during a consultation. He also told her
Edmund Echukwu, 35, died at a James Bond-themed party last Friday.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were killed
Dimitri Harrell, 21, charged with second-degree murder after shooting dead girlfriend.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and husband Henry met at The Dorchester in London. Suzanne
Victoria's Secret's new campaign recreates the notorious VS advert. Curvy Kate rec
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with
Amber Marie Irving-Elkins was feeling contractions before she went into the Stanley Mosk
The Illume ArcLighter uses electricity to ignite candles and paper. It creates a �
Cardiff-based Proton Partners International Ltd is to open three treatment centres in the UK by
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart. Passengers and
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, is now homeless. The star says fame on Big
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first
Phil Blackwood jailed for two-and-a-half years after posting image on Facebook
Obama said he firmly believes diplomacy is the best way forward. He said he expects a '
David Cameron ate a hotdog with cutlery during a campaign visit. The Tory leader
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed Luciana Maurer, 23, at Falkirk
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert in McKinney, Texas on
Ukip leader Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV in Thursday
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November after drinking a 60-ounce bottle
Woman was carrying rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it is said. She was
Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on
Greg Gibbins and his friends were stabbed in Toukley on Sunday night. The
The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics
Leila Alavi, 26, was found'stabbed to death' in her car
Officials say the student was caught hanging a noose from a tree. The noose was
A goat was shepherded away from houses in suburban New Jersey after causing a ruck
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs when the explosion happened. She returned to
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to
Periscope, an iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online,
Programmer Martin Bellander created graph based on images from 1800-2000. He created it
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near
Scientists hope immunisation is possible with just one injection. The vaccine is based on an animal
Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving. A
The rapper, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared. in Palm Beach County
David Hyche came up with the idea when his daughter turned blind. He has passed it
Nick Clegg said idea of two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told migrant workers they were allowing them to leave. More than 300
Ed Balls was asked what seven times six equals, Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down
Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Kh
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Monte
The echidna was spotted paddling out to sea at Rye Beach, in Victoria.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to
The glowing blue letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer
Part-time actor was flying from Newcastle Airport to Gatwick. Security staff thought his pe
Samantha Cameron visited a special school in Rainham, Kent. She was joined by head teacher
producer Naughty Boy retweeted a fan video entitled 'Naughty Boy Saved Zaughty
Annabel Cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust. She decided to try out the
The search mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel followed the poaching vessel for more than 100 days
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, refused to provide a gay couple with flowers for their
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February. Her dismembered body parts were
By 2100 Muslims will make up ten per cent of Europe's population. By 2050 they will
Belinda Earl, former head of fashion, credited with helping bring in sales. She ran
Yahya Rashid, 19, of London, was arrested at Luton Airport yesterday.
Quakes and their seismic activity create weak microseismic waves. This is when short
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped Classic FM Hall of Fame. British composer was inspired by a
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the murder of his
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole laptop, sat nav and phone from Donna's Dream House.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey, 20, jailed for four years for wounding with intent
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new
Janet Muller was found dead in the boot of a burning car in West Sussex. 21-
Steven Howie, 28, left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her. Karen Murray
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square. He urged the international
The Queen is looking for a sous chef who can use 'the most organic and unique
Kevin Franklin jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court. He
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp. But he said
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world. Despite
Data Partnership used to sell personal information to the Mail's undercover team. They used data from
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours. They wanted to make
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and H
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a nine-storey flat
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe.
Flight EI 660 was travelling from Dublin to Vienna. The airline said the landing was not
150 art fans took part in the National Gallery of Australia's first ever naked art tour.
A bathing box on Brighton's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne sells for $ Confeder,
New rules introduced after fugitive criminal walked out of open jail in May. Michael Wheatley had
Bloomberg, 73, is considering a move to London to replace Boris Johnson. He is '
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is selling the sweet treat for £25
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
Jason Cotterill, 42, sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner. He
Kathleen Blomberg was reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The
Freeman the cat was mauled to death in Tarring, West Sussex. Two dogs
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed when a Jeep Grand Cherokee
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island, was indicted Wednesday on multiple charges after
Biologist Joe Hanson has calculated the chemistry of the human body. He says the chemical make
Home Secretary Theresa May said police would have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category.
Melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to disperse the protesters. Crowd numbers grew throughout
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom
HomeCamp is attracting both backpackers and locals looking for cheap and fast accommodation. One Sydney
Nicola Sturgeon addressed a nationwide audience of Britons, rather than just the usual five million Scots.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York
Daniel Tsarnaevheri composed the song to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf
Olsi Beheluli, 24, was a member of a gang selling class A drugs
Labour leader's smouldering looks proved a hit with Twitter users. One likened him to
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi
Carla Zampatti presented a celebratory SS15-16 collection at Sydney's Opera
Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims the King Of
Collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp in Champions League. Neymar scored
Teachers want UK to follow countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time. motion calls
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2-
Savannah and Carson took on the role of Olivia Newton-John's character Sandy, while Savannah
A fire at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma destroyed two reptile encl
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode. The Billion
David Cameron will say high taxes and government spending are 'immoral' 14 million working households
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts
Discovery could increase tensions over Falklands oil exploration. Argentina says it will prosecute companies operating off
The dress was designed by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward
Belfast-born Iain Watters has revive his traditional Easter favourite. He has been making
The Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park. One
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday. Last month, a fraternity
David Beckham voted top celebrity dad in Ripley's Believe It Or Not! survey. Holly
Poland to erect watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave. towers will range from
The sun is having a strange formation, which is common. The phenomenon occurs when magnetic fields
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over
Kim Ki-jar, 55, was indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction
Vatican doctors tell Pope to cut pasta intake to two servings a week. Pope's weight is
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning. He said the pilot calmed fl
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-0 in their Bundesliga clash at Allianz Arena.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast. He said he
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. The Hollywood-themed theme park is
Molly Wood, 74, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine
Andy Jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer. He stars in
Andy Murray watched Barcelona defeat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp. Murray is currently
Gary Kroackle, 57, is running for Congress in Iowa's 1st District. He
Aaron Tate, 29, and Rachel Jaajaa, 22, were both arrested Monday.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears was disciplined for posing for a photo with Snoop Dog
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, Army Spc. Caleb Barnes
Yemeni rebels seize President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace. Security officials said
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday. The win means
Stuart, 33, said ex-girlfriend Sophie, also had the STD. He was on
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was jailed for ten years today.
Jayla Currie, 23, is a part of the Northeaster Ones Nursery
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that was cutting off her airways
Chancellor wants to reverse decline in first-time buyers getting a home. He said he wanted
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were cleared of murder of Meredith Ker
Two homes on the beachfront in Poole, Dorset, have gone on the market
Oskar Groening is on trial on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Ligarica Clausura. Ronaldinho
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to restore access to Durdle Door beach
David Cameron will announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite. He
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years in prison for killing
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.
David Cameron looked serious and oozing leadership charisma. Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV at a
Hannah Campbell, 30, suffered horrific injuries in Basra in 2007. Her left hand was
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to keep his rippling
Nicola Sturgeon hailed as the shock winner of last night's TV debate. ComRes put him
Robert Dellinger, 54, told the court he has 'never been suicidal' He drove
More than 60 per cent of Americans admit to being ashamed of their homes. Martha Stewart's
Josh Mason said his party leader was 'not the most popular' He said a visit from
The 28 minute movie was shot on board the Epping Ongar historic railway. Locals
MIND diet is a hybrid of the Mediterranean and DASH diets. Dieters must limit
Benjamin Netanyahu said deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror' But Israel issued a
Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector
Harry will spend four weeks in Australia before heading to barracks. He will spend time meeting with
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into quiet cul-de-sac in Hull a year ago
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana, was jailed for 20 years. She
The new spring menu also contains two new varieties of the chain's Cheesecake Square Don
Bacall died of a stroke in August aged 89. The actress bought her Manhattan home for
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013. Both dogs
Lorraine Cobourn, 51, was hit by a yellow taxi in May last year.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was flying from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his
High school students in north east China are being forced to eat their lunch. Teachers are banning
Labour leader faced humiliation after plus-sized blogger withdraws her support. Callie Thorpe
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a growing industry that prepares fresh placentas
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes for Derby County in 1-0 win. Derby man
Chris Christie was being called a bully for the way he interact with a teacher at a town
Zhou Yongkang is the former national security chief of the Communist Party. He is accused
A 50-year-old man has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder
Shia paramilitary fighters have burnt 'hundreds of houses' in last two days. Prime Minister
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. The silver car
Royal Horticultural Society says concrete garden helps wildlife. More than 7million front lawns have
Kadeem Brown, 25, was killed in the Bronx on Friday night. He was
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he tried to meet up with
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex
Mohammad Liaqat launched into a 'racist tirade' at teachers at Mount Carmel
Icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year of teaching science at Danbury
Under-25s received bumper pay rises last year, falling to 3.8% for
Foreigners account for almost one family doctor in five. In some areas the proportion is more
Jan Hansen, 58, made the egg using an iron frame and a step ladder. The
The eclipse was visible to people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia. It
model was created by experts at University College London. They used two methods to predict HIV progression
The TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year.
Canterbury Bulldogs head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match
Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in Elmwood Park, New Jersey,
80 current and former leaders warn of dangers of reversing radical reforms. Concerns raised about Labour
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on
Joe Penna solved a whopping 1, joe Rubik's Cubes 961 times
Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will
France voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin. New law
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend due to the high
Pat Ingles, 69, lost her husband to prostate cancer 12 years ago. She now
Toni Elliot thought she had hurt a tooth while she sat for dinner at Puckett
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act. From Marks and Spencer to Prim
released prisoners said they were being led to execution, but instead were piled onto minibus.
Photographer Scott Gable spent four months travelling across Asia documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all 13 Ivy League schools. He
The blog, Killing Children, was run by a 13-year-old eighth grade boy
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested on Wednesday in connection to the murder of
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some recipes she had shared had been ripped off from
Direct Assist told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years. Information Commissioner's
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers. UN's
The Boston Runemaker is scheduled to open April 16. It will give runners a place to
Donna Hussey, 32, was killed when a two-tonne trailer crushed her son
Arkansas in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire used to train
Calculation formations on ‘androonic Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave
New Zealand zoo Orana Wildlife Park is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence
Joseph Getty, 26, was driving his Range Rover through Belgrave Square. He had 83
John Noble, 53, sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on
Ukip figures insist party would carry on if Nigel Farage left. But Diane James insists show would
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, is accused of killing Shelby Fazio and her dog
Victor Albert Prout captured images of the Houses of Parliament and Windsor Castle on his boat.
Bangladeshi workers were beaten by police during protests over pay. They were protesting over conditions
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species to follow the lunar cycle. It
University of Sydney is running a pilot program for Year 11 students. The program allows students to
Peter Thurston, 80, started building the boat while he was through divorce. He says
UK has now met the target to spend 0.7% of national income on overseas aid
Winchester Council hit by new rules to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But HSE
Avastin is thought to be as effective at treating wet age-related macular degener
Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache welcomed their second child. The couple used the
Dejan Stojkovic says black holes suck in information and then evaporate. But
The elaborate fraud took place between October 2010 and January 2012. Driver John Smith stage-managed
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for
LHC was shut down two years ago after confirming the discovery of the Higgs boson
Celebrities with a home cinema include Benedict Cumberbatch, Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner
John Shipton's home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner
Ambulance bosses make 21,500-mile round trip to Australia to hire paramedics on
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature at Melbourne's Monash Hospital. He was born
Nicola Sturgeon said rising retirement age was unfair for pensioners. She said they don't live
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty.
Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal, claiming it puts his people in mortal danger. He
The First Lady joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage during a chore
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of killing his wife Tracy Walters, who died in hospital
rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in Durham.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years. It allows dairy farmers to produce as much
Julian Lines, 42, filmed climbing up sheer rock face in the Cairngorms
V Stiviano, 32, was out to lunch at Il Pastaio in Beverly
The statue of Lucille Ball was unveiled in Celoron, New York, in 2009
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
Gwyneth, 42, shows off super toned figure in Marysia scall
The Army of Russia is aimed at cashing in on new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18
Instagram is a way to document your 'luxurious' travels. The Great Wall of China
Engineers at the University of Sheffield have shown that tampons glow in ultra-valine (
The man entered a Santa Cruz bank at 3pm last Friday. He handed the cashier
Dubai International posted update on Facebook page urging people to check before they travel. People are wearing
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built thesteepest house in
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter going to college has him crying on a daily
cardboard gnome signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on iconic cover of the
Madison Small, 18, from Ashburn, Virginia, died on Tuesday after she was rushed
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca. It was originally
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, had a benign
Shocking footage has emerged of a man stabbing a bouncer. The incident happened just before
Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the
Nathaly Hernandez was filmed singing to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball. The toddler
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September
Suzanne Adams' son James was born with cerebral palsy. Hospital failed to carry out a
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used paint to transform herself
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into a shop wielding an axe
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, is alleged to have killed his fiancee, her parents
Gang of four seen trying to hack into an ATM outside Waitrose in Kenilworth.
Lisa Williams, 49, jailed for two years after hitting David Coleman, 54. The pair
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, was cuffed in front of her daughter A
Charles Terreni Jr was found dead at Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia. Coroner
Frida Kahlo penned the letters to Jose Bartoli while she was recovering from surgery in
Michelle Gent used party's office in Ashfield, Nottingham, for auditions. Film clips
Scientists from Cambridge University have discovered Achilles' heel of prostate cancer. Research could lead to better
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. More than 230 people were arrested over
Scientists used UV light to reveal patterns in fossilised cone snail shells. They found that the
Two planes collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport. Passengers were stuck
Anthony Corrales claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police she was groped by Harvey Weinstein.
Ed Miliband faced ridicule last night after privately billing himself as the ‘happy warrior’
Kenyan Kun Kun was banished from his village when locals signed a petition. The Sichuan
Amelia Rose Jones was left in care of her grandfather Mark Jones for two nights. He '
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. Keane
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire
A Chinese businessman has bought a penthouse penthouse apartment in the Melbourne suburb of Southbank
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief. Sullivan will help
Virgin Atlantic to offer free Facebook for all passengers on 787 routes. #SkyhighSelf
The F-35 Lightning II helmet has infrared cameras mounted around it. This give the pilot
Tracy Morgan was seen out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven
Allie Davis, 21, from Minneapolis, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question exam.
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from Macquarie Park balcony.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Harvey Weinstein groped her at his office in
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was arrested Wednesday for calling 911 and telling the
Experts found bacteria which had suffered severe oxygen photocoting and hydrogen sulphide poisoning. This would
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, is accused of repeatedly punching a patient. Witnesses said
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, reviewed military records of
Six-month-old kitten seven-storey-old was found lying on the ground
Italian priest sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard. The man
The bodies of four people, including two boys under the age of ten, were found in
Wayne Kyle gave his first interview since the end of his son's killer's trial. Chris
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police in Norfolk to give'more insight' to
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared at Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault. He allegedly
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village
Dean Mason, 49, photographed the owls in Buckinghamshire. The little owl was spotted
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering. Party brought
Gary Dahl died on March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks formed a brief
Michael Olsen, 52, was stopped by two police officers after abandoning his car. He then
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with cancer in
John Schumann slammed protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19. The former Red
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way crash with Bruce Jenner
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's details from hacker Tamer Abdulhamid
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery. Model, who
Sam Smith has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction drove for more than three miles
Gertrude Weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, died on Monday
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire. He was
Apryl Foster was last seen leaving a bar alone in Ybor City, Florida,
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country. Alaska is second with $72
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death
Morrisons beat hotel, restaurant and pub chains to win the title. The supermarket chain offers
Survey of 4,000 adults found 21 per cent of young professionals have a drinking problem.
Ellen Weirich, from New Jersey, helps transgender women transition. She says that she has
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and
President Obama has ordered the release of 22 drug dealers. Eight of those whose sentences were comm
Ellanora Baidoo hopes to begin divorce proceedings with a private Facebook message sent by
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using an employee registration number to pose
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested on January 27. He
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, is a world champion in his age
Jane Bacon, 51, booked the 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with her
Kansai International Airport opened its doors in 1994. It has never lost a piece of
Labour leader said he cried when he and his wife Justine watched Pride. He said he
Google patent says personality could replicate robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or '
Jon Bon Jovi has sold his New York City penthouse for $37.5million
The 44-year-old comedian is a part of Levo League's Ask4More
ISIS launched English-language radio news bulletins on its al-Bayan radio network.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected voles. The
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of killing Nelson Williams Jr, 21, in June
Karen Davis, 38, from Port Pirie, South Australia, was reported by police with
Rosetta was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks in the Philippines.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, followed pensioners home.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing just 1lb 30z. He was born
Australian families will consumer 124.3m Easter treats this year. Victorian chocolatier
Tyecka Evans, 28, charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-
Up to one million dogs are being hunted down by 'dog catchers' in Romania.
Brian Lufty, 52, and his sons Jason and Sebastien, his friend Neil J
personal trainer Allie Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on
Calfazon Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent cutback in water use by cities
Joey Essex joined Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby this morning. The reality star said
Scientists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking
Rob Ford, 45, will undergo surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen in
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with luxury brand Aspinal of London. The brand
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered to undergo chemotherapy last month by the Connecticut Supreme Court
Four sandstorm strikes north west China bringing winds and floating sand to the regions of Xinjiang
Sherrell Dillion starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee. She says she is currently homeless
More than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq, a report found.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and his brother Jean, 17,
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis
The Girl In The Spider's Web is the fourth installment in the Millennium series. Book was
Archivists at Nestle have assembled the compilers of photographs dating back as far as
Ethel Rider, 87, was being turned to prevent bed sores at Half Acre
A heartfelt note left by a passenger has gone viral. The note was posted by a colleague
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, had mascot Ollie snatched from Nottingham pub. He
Buckwheat Hull Pillow, £22.99, livingiseasy.co.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales
Damian Maria Montes belts out 1997 Robbie Williams ballad on Spanish show. The 29-
Discovery could give astronomers new insights into Mars' watery past. The mineral veins were found
Mark Dawe, head of Oxford, Cambridge andieties Examinations board, said pupils
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually
Promise Tamang has transformed herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from
Tom Ballard, 26, plans to conquer K2, 20 years after his mother died descending
Vijay Chokal- Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor last October.
Four Roma men and women face human trafficking charges. Accused of selling a newborn boy for
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois
Prince Harry will spend four weeks with the Australian military. He will serve alongside elite soldiers in
Robin Rinaldi had a baby girl when her husband had a vasectomy. She wanted
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in Ferguson
Kim Sears, 27, was spotted working on her tan in Key Biscayne, Florida
Experts in America found 50% of pensioners panicked and sold. Research carried out by scientists
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar. Experts said a badly hung
Alan Spencer, 67, was choking on a pickled onion when he collapsed. He had
Father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join ISIS. It
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon. But it has
Charlotte Roach, 26, nearly died in a horror car accident in 2010. She and
Lishan Wang, 49, was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man
New York City writer Danielle Page set out to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in
Greenstone is a small egg-shaped gadget that acts like a booster. It works like
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when he was hit. His two
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo, 42, took these stunning images of the Aurora Borealis
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most decorated soldiers. He was awarded
Former and current female agents spoke out about depictions of female spies on TV and in movies.
Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean were found dead in their home in Xalo, near
RV FLIP is towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees,
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911
Photographer Seth Casteel has created a book, Underwater Babies, which will be
Darcy Atkinson died of brain injuries in December 2012. The toddler was found covered in bruises
Anna Ragin, 65, was found dead in a San Francisco property. Her daughter Carolyn
The fire was started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£
Mike Holpin plays on three £450 PS4 consoles for up to 20 hours a day
Italian Glamour: From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, is a book
Cleveland officer Michael Brelo faces two counts of voluntary manslaughter. He fired the final 15
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election. He said
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5
The Dis Fancy of the New Dawn, a religious group, posted a series of memes on
Alexis Tsipras met Vladimir Putin in Moscow yesterday. The Greek PM said he had not
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show. They were asked to take a lie
Gerry Adams said incidents like Jean McConville's murder happened 'in every single conflict'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, wrote a scathing note to his boss. The letter
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was reportedly abducted from her home. She was
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says she is prepared to work with Labour. She has refused to work
Pet aquarium fish are invading and destroying Western Australia's waterways. Goldfish weighing up to 2
Scientists believe the first complex conversation took place 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March. They
Kevin Blandford, 33, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace. But his wife
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you. Limited periods of stress are
London Mayor launches Tory campaign in the capital with a speech. Said Labour leader is 'host
FTSE 100 bosses say Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain
Twitter users have compared the real world of their lives to that of the novels. Many use
PM warns it is not the time to send a message or make a protest. He conceded
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the strange
redo Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. 27-year-old
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer. Auction will take
Steve Simone-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, lost a whopping 16st after the
Polynesian villas offer two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private plunge pool. Each
David Cameron insisted Coalition had spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making
Ashley Johnston was shot in Syria in February. He was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection
Luke Shambrook, 11, was last seen on Good Friday morning. He was
RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce are now investigating the grim find. At least 55
Gunman spotted near the Despicable Medespite court order banning him. He was spotted
Elizabeth Stewart, Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie's stylists, have all
A New Zealand couple have snapped up a house for $125,000. The house was
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour. clocks go back an
Stephanie Fragoso was pulled over on April Fools' Day in Las Vegas. She applied
big cat was seen trying to tackle the hefty mammal in Kruger National Park. The animal
A woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories. Just under 9 per
Luc Donckerwolke thought the Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over details and signatures to fraudsters. Alleg
Choupette is the creative director of fashion house Chanel. The three-year-
signatories warned about the 'proliferation of zero-hours contracts' They said they
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, was sentenced to 30 days in jail, house arrest
The Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies. The Avengers garnered
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit and killed by a train
Vivienne Westwood has added a luxury penthouse hotel suite to her design portfolio. The
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey.
Cody Neatis, eight, has been admitted to Royal Preston Hospital with a chest infection.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled an amendment clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone
Temperatures in southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or
Asteroid Impact Mission will send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon. Experts
Brent Council refused to increase funding for a live-in carer. Robert Clark, 96
Dr Lara Briden says that PMS can be banished with a few simple steps. She
Church of England says it is being 'turned to the advantage of those already Kevaged'
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart the position of stars. He estimated how the const
CCTV images show man police want to speak to after 'peeping Tom' incident. Incident
Paul Childs burst into tears when diagnosed with HIV in 2011. He said he was infuri
Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF) is made of liquid that hard
Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the images as the Colima volcano erupted. The
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night when he was pulled over
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend told they can't run. Staff
In Britain alone 90 million of the chocolate eggs are consumed every year. But traditional Easter eggs
Hayley Okines suffered from Progeria, a condition that accelerates ageing. She
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' when he reported a
A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years
The temperature record was measured on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula. This is where the
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi. Mun
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed. The
Liz Smith, 92, is revealing secrets she never printed over the course of her 70 year
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was arrested on Tuesday night after admitting that he'd
The Dalny Vostock, carrying 132 crew, sank in Sea of Okhotsk
Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos found intense exposure to blue light can cause a variety of
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with
Four episodes of Top Gear did notched up nine million views in February. The long-
Sydney's dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter. It was
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support after falling from the roof of
Robert Abercrombie posted video of him pulling son's tooth out. Video shows him
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tac
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested Friday at her home in Philadelphia. She was preparing
Hay Castle, on the Welsh border, is infested with deathwatch beetles. £5
Twin brothers Marcus and Markieff Morris are being investigated for assault. The 25-year
Keith Cameron, 54, scammed his friend and terminally ill neighbour out of £ Byrne
Mark Doggett has trained his dogs to sniff out dry rot. The dog sense of
James Evans, the owner of Premiere Photo, allegedly printed a racial slur on the bottom of
Stacy Maitai has been forced to give up her Perth job to care for her son
Robert Dellinger, 54, was a former Fortune 500 executive who caused a 2013 crash that
Chilean pickpocket gangs follow wealthy shoppers in the West End. They follow them before stealing their
Gareth Shoulder, 24, has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’
Brian Williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off. A large
Cryos International is moving its offices from New York to Orlando. The company says the move
Patrick Barkham's book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune. The Trust has
Zaur Dadaev is accused of assassinating opposition leader Boris Nemstov. He
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between
Ed Miliband pledged to scrap non-dom status which allows millionaires to reduce their tax bil.
seal culling takes place during the animals' breeding season. Fears that seals could destroy
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out a second referendum. She insisted SNP victory in
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $
Felix the cat was taken from his crate after it was damaged. Jennifer Stewart, 31,
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies. The
Executives at Coronation Street overturned ban on cast offering voiceovers. Katy C
Katie still checks husband's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out. She
Bear hunting salmon in Katmai National Park, southern Alaska, was unable to take advantage
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into poverty in rural China. She worked
Kevin Franklin, 53, will switch lights on front of home for autism awareness month. He
Misao Okawa, from Osaka, Japan, died of heart failure on April 1.
Joshua Smith, 16, fell from a cliff at Spittal Point, Berwick-upon
Nick Clegg is trailing Labour by 2% in his rock-solid Lib Dem constituency.
Manuela Arbelaez's mind was somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in Sydney. The teenager
Becca and Dale Litchfield chose to give up their dream wedding. They wanted to
Cylvia Hayes, fiancee of former Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber,
YouTube is set to offer an ad-free, subscription-based service for the first time
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following
Pigwig had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood. His owners
Twitter has rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature, which, unsurprisingly
Talks between six countries, including the U.S., and Iran are on the verge of
Ian Guffick asked pupils to change answers to SATs at Mitton Manor Primary.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-0 in the U21 Premier League Cup. Sam Gallagher scored a
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week she and her friends would not go to
Charles was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria to inspect a photo exhibition.
New South Wales licence holder increased by 20 per cent in five years. Tamworth, Kw
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes. The 53-year-old
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans to council for a 12-seater cinema.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent of teachers have suffered online abuse by parents
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'cuddle chair' which would allow passengers to lean
New grilled chicken recipe to be included in a new sandwich and existing menu items. New recipe
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on
James Robarge, 45, was sentenced on Friday for second-degree murder in the death
Nasa announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in
Research has revealed that the frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since the
Natalie Fletcher, 29, from Bend, Oregon, has been travelling around the United States painting
All of the 36 Redlands House homes given colourful treatment. The colour scheme has been labelled
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-ambling statement on Monday in which he said he
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna
Rurik Jutting is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women. The 30
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old when she was found brutally assaulted
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is the star of the new E! reality show Botched
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested for suntanning on Mamitas Beach
The model, 30, is eight months pregnant and has been flaunt her toned physique
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International
Jordan Sim-Mutch, 24, posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, closed its doors after receiving abusive phone calls and was
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 prize in 2006
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Harvey Weinstein groped her during a '
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the medicine and injected it after feeling like a 'fail
Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts. Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support
The London Book Fair is a three-day event for budding authors. Experienced authors will
Nick Cannon has signed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mar
Esa's spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the comet. During
Three Florida prison officers who belong to the Ku Klux Klan have been charged with plotting to kill
Researchers at different institutions in Tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp near Turkey
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North
Survey of 2000 workers by headset manufacturer Sennheiser Communications. 70% zone out while
Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her
Apple's Watch goes on sale this Friday in the US, UK, Australia, Canada,
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 gar
Nicolas Sarkozy, 60, is being grilled by judges in a Paris financial court. He
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. His
Don McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed
Hillary Clinton told aides they would be fired if she was seen, it is claimed. She
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reass
Polish man, who may be suffering from amnesia, has no memory of who he is
Chinese pandas Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped
Victoria Prosser, 33, heckled David Cameron during debate in Salford.
Karen Wakefield and her husband Paul Dawson featured on BBC documentary. Six-part show was
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed brain cyst. Daisy suffers
Study by the U.S. researchers looked at those taking SSRIs. They found
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, who was a charismatic and well-known
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana who lived
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hood
Actress wants to build a 550ft-long wall along the West Sussex coast. But Natural
Young boy was befriended by a bear at a North American zoo. The bear is believed
Four-poster oak bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel. Build
Amy Johnson, 38, from Sydney, faces two assault charges. She allegedly assaulted a 16
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by a police officer in Zion
Smokey Da Lamb has been adopted by restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his
Collection of 350,000 papers, including poetry, was handed to George III. Includes letters
London furniture company Made.com has created infographic. It shows scientifically proven tactics you can use
Insurance giant Admiral said many youngsters lost out at the beginning of looking for work. The report
Police went to a home in Balch Springs, Texas, on March 26 to do a
Swedish firm says veggieball uses far less energy than pork and beef variety. veggie
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face
Mario Ambarita climbed into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia plane. The plane
Ukip says under-18s are being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels. Party
Ben Elton lashed out at Myleene Klass during rally for Labour supporters. The
Ashes, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay
Romanian TV presenter Simona Trasca, 34, made joke about her new job. Plastic
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the
Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built in the 1960s to protect the U
Two swimmers stood oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunt for fish. The men
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked. Three
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day. She
Terrill Wayne Newman, 68, is vying to become the next Kentucky Governor. He was
Scientists at Harvard University have revealed that European populations were dark skinned for far longer than had
Nine Britons, including three teenage schoolgirls, have been arrested trying to enter Syria illegally.
John Zelepos, 48, faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to
Seven Philippine crocodiles flew from Melbourne to the Philippines today. The crocodiles were born at
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mil
Investigation comes after Sturgeon claimed she was victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks' She told French
Cam contraception allows users to add Instagram style filters to their images. Users can then add filters
Images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings in Tokyo. The bodies are
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, opened its doors after co-owner Crystal O'
New survey reveals women regret their career choices more than men. 47% of over 55s
noise testing being carried out over Easter holiday period at Cornwall's popular Flambards. The
The former U.S. representative, 44, walked through the LA airport using a cane
Planetary Society analysed feasibility and cost of a crewed mission. Plan would have cost of a
The University of Sydney ran a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students. Students who completed
Bowie wrote songs for stage version of 1976 film The Man Who Fell To Earth. He is
Domenico Rancadore, 65, was due to be extradited to Italy
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, went for a walk near Santa Monica home on March 24. She
Anthony Bethell decided to restore hedge which marks boundary between home and St John's College.
Dr Alex Russell shares his tips for masterining wine tasting. Russell says wine experts smell and
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding. The
Group of six dressed in matching suits for the Money Supermarket advert. They wore high heels
Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days. The pair travelled to 35
Cynthia Lennon died yesterday at her home in Spain following a short battle with cancer. She was
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food
Bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow
Obama unveiled executive order to freeze assets of those involved in attacks. It follows a series of
ISIS militants announce new ISIS nursing school. rules include that all nurses working in ISIS-held
The new £3.7 million tourist attraction in Yunyang County, southwest China, is
Noreen Spendlove, 68, had the scan as part of the NHS breast cancer
Laura Mary Sumner was fined £23.50 for a visa violation. She was researching
Detlef Guenzel killed Wojciech Stem Schniewicz in 2013
Former White House florist Ronn Payne says he heard Chelsea Clinton call the Secret Service
Study by cleaning equipment company, Kärcher, revealed six in ten full-time
Obama said he can'relate to' the fear a parent has when your four-
Energy giant fined £7.75million after it overcharged customers after price rises. Money
Pope Francis presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession. He is using the service to stress
42% of people in Britain back fracking, a Greenpeace survey has found. 35% of
12 tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in
Zayn and Perrie have been accused of cheating on several times. The pair have been
Hannah Brierley, 16, spotted the 6ft-long snake on a bath mat
Prescott City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDon
US-based Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to
Tracey Cox offers six crucial clues to spot dysfunctional people. She says that if you're
The fleet consisted of 2,FL ships moored across the United States. At its height
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and autism is a little known but hugely beneficial form of '
Theia the bully breed mix was hit by a car and then hit in the head with
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011. It details a method
Akon Guode, 35, was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be
Victoria Police confirmed it was located on Monday afternoon. Luke Shambrook was last seen
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have
Jars with the product numbers '123957urities15' and '123957
New stretch of the Great Wall of China found in northwestern China. Experts say it is more
Danny Eckhart was arrested after he smashed a patrol boat into a bar and grill in Madison
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27. He was
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting party's 'union paymasters' But magazine
The owners began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. Neighbours have
Mike Holpin, 56, has been engaged to 20 women and has 40 children by 20
Researchers at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10. They gave them
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield Police Department, 'tickle tickle'
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to get in flat in Cottingham,
Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines. It is 49ft (15
Leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding left her breasts saggy. She thought implants
Question was set as a maths problem, aimed at testing the logical skills of 14-year
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were last seen in Greenport, New
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, is the son-in-law of disgr
Chinese engineering graduate Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, was sacked from Top Gear last month after a 'plagued
Sam Barton, 22, was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men. They
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. She was living in a
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat.
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday. The election means
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation. She has
Of 50 Dartmouth students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily
Bella Crooke lost her phone at a friend's birthday party on Saturday. Police officers on
Stephanie Scott's hometown of Canowindra paid tribute to the much-loved teacher
Audrey Hepburn's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents. Eurythm
Study of 2.3 million parents pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic
Research by doctors from Oxford University found babies feel pain. It overturns the medical consensus that
Injaz was cloned from ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009. She is
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of
Mirreyes (my kings) are the sons and daughters of Mexican high society. They
25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors failed to give
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with Lia Palmquist and accused her of sleeping with
Although St Mary’s Hospital in London is the first choice of venue, hospitals in
Dustin Wong, 31, took these stunning images to encourage people to protect their natural world.
Group set up to support Michael Slager after he was charged with murder. Group had raised
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges in New Orleans. He
Russian researchers have dated the'screw' to 300 million years old. Experts believe it
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official
Stacey Eden stood up for a Brisbane couple abused on a train. The 23-year
Tom Hanks' wife revealed on Tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has
Richard Attenborough's possessions are up for sale at Bonhams. They include a
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning
The Shepherd's Crown will be called The Shepherd's Crown and will feature witch Tiffany Aching
SANTO seat is larger than normal and makes use of space at the back of aircraft
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less
Clinton's security detail led journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself with Nicola Sturgeon lookalike. She
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot
Four women jailed for abusing elderly patients at Bretton care home. They called one resident '
Luke Shambrook, 11, was found on the side of a hill peering
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses. The men were on
Hermann Goering was a notorious Nazi leader and was well known for being overweight. The
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of permit will bolster claim Beaching A Boat, Brighton was
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at
Europcar sent eight of the best road trippers to the Isle of Skye.
Comfortably Numb is a single-use device that numbs the skin prior to an
hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has put forward 123 of its prettiest female soldiers. Pictures
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg by Taliban gunmen. His son Muhammad also
Office workers were shocked to discover a couple having sex in a park. The couple were having
Lidos are a good first port of call for those looking to celebrate the wonderfully bal
James Bond would have died within seven minutes of the film's end if he had survived.
University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over
Clare Van Santen was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005. She was first diagnosed when she
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment after allegedly dangling her son from a
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died after undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico. The 52
Navy's X-47B drone successfully refuelled two aircraft off Maryland coast. The
Charmaine Spears was found face-down in a bath in a hotel. Her husband,
Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, 21, of Hanover, Maryland, died
John Foran was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with
Aaron Hernandez was booked at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday. He
Ozzie the goose was left struggling for self confidence after a broken leg. He was
In 2007, President Barack Obama dined with Google's CEO Eric Schmidt at the White House
'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris contains joke about domestic violence.
The 58-year-old actress revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a
Christine Bleakley, 36, is a mother to Frank's two daughters Isla,
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama
Two mothers held the baby and young girls' heads above the rising tide. Lifeboats were
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series, starring five female characters. Emilia
Jade Ruthven, 33, was sick of her baby daughter's constant updates on Facebook.
Darius the rabbit is the world's biggest rabbit and weighs in at 3ft 8in.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at
German police are investigating links between Hatton Garden heist and similar raid on a Berlin bank
Blagojevich, 58, was once famed for his mop of blacker
Gao Yu, 71, named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press
Danish royal family attended lavish dinner at Fredensborg Palace. Crown Prince Frederik, 46
Two men armed with handguns have robbed three Pittsburgh banks. The men have threatened to kidnap those
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy. The academy said definitions reflect
Robert Bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death of Eric
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41,
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today. Spring
Wolfson Children's Hospital in Florida installed the 'catcam' system. Children can control
Len Barnes, 75, from Stockton, battled Clostridium difficile.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter
Study suggests a relative of Tyrannosaurus rex, called Daspletosaurus, may have indul
Travolta has broken his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going
Twitter suspended 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters. The social network suspended accounts
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making
Rachelle Friedman Chapman was paralyzed when she fell into a pool during her bachelorette
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot and critically wounded outside its
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask demanded cash from a dairy owner's
Four out of ten British Muslims blame MI5 and police for radicalising young Jihadis.
Report says the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community are undermining
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement. It teaches
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina,
Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has denied sexually assaulting Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyactivityis (JDM) in November
Australian Warren Rodwell was abducted by militants posing as policemen in the Philippines in 2011. He
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March
Lexy Wood, 13, was at Cinderella with her daughter and her step-sister
Nick Robinson's voice was weak and strained after lung tumour surgery. BBC political editor said
Three Al Qaeda affiliates have changed their communication methods. Terrorists websites have also moved to protect
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-
Marcel Hirscher, 26, created the stunning video using coloured powder packed into poles.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by protesters armed with iron bars on ropes. He condemned
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease. His parents
Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in the El Mirón
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union. Despite his qualifications
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in
Carnival Spirit has been damaged outside Sydney Harbour due to the stormy weather. The ship has
The government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they
Capybara Joe Joe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram. He lives in Las
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year. Three people were killed
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexpl
Jack Jordan proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from hospital bed. The pair planned to
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March
The Old Boys, by former education journalist David Turner, lays bare the little-known history
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and her husband, Vili Fualaau,
The Shire of Montana is located in the north-west corner of the state. The
Peter Garrett is selling his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday. The prodigious pump
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear. Parents Ahavah and Jason Cook
Xue Feng was deported from Beijing's No. 2 Prison on Friday. He served all but
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in his victims' homes in Manchester. He
Sarah Ivens, 34, from New York, was devastated by her husband Russell's
Frederick's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations after
Jay Kantaria, 38, leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station last October. He
Alex Perry pulled out of the show at this year's MBFWA. The designer says
Journalist and author Sarah Wilson opened up about her own battle with mental illness. The 41
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and Jean, 17, were the
Giant inflatable doll has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is facing an animal cruelty
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday
Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday. The 60
Kenneth Morgan Stancil, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some
Rilie Carey learnt the popular song at preschool. Was halfway through eating her dinner when
Ashley Pegram, 28, went out for a date with a man she met on messaging
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' accounts.
Shawn Kathleen started Passenger Shaming Instagram page after she noticed people's annoying habits. She has
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran over twice. He
Woman, 77, was struck by lightning while sitting in her car. Her sight was blurred
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing for their nuptials in Dunblane. The
The competition was held at the Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association's conference. Marie Mu
Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing Damion Soward, 37. Soward was found dead
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez, 25. Gonzalez
Ashton Wood launched a campaign last year to destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva developed gigantism as a child. His rapidly soaring height
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged in a Dhaka jail on Saturday. He headed a
Amy Murray, 23, of Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Laney Griner from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia,
Marianne Power attended Robbins’Croash The Power Within seminar. She says it helps
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was grilled by Greens senator Christine Milne about why The Australian
Tinder now shows friends of friends and more common friends. Firm says it made changes after noticing
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted onto a river bank in
ISIS has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb. The men were killed
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Nigel Farage has fallen behind his Tory opponent. If the
The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in
Dr Shimron says he has 'confirmed' the existence and authenticity of a tomb in Jerusalem
Consumer Reports surveyed 63,000 shoppers for its annual survey. The retailer was ranked at the
Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia was a spectacular success. front
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath. She has swum
Model shows the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women. Found lateral orbit of raiding cortex and anterior
Martynas Kupstys was mistakenly let of prison by bungling staff. The
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, believed to have fled to Syria
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was killed in fighting with government troops in Salah
Silvia, star of the series My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, is pictured breastfeeding her
Margaret Tyler, 71, has collected royal-themed knick knick knacks for 40
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in
Family and friends have shared a sweet photo of Stephanie Scott in a bubble bath. The 26
Major-General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit after taking drug. The
Group of men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder' The men were allegedly thrown to
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a ruptured liver, missing
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces wipedout. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and
Russian sailors came up with novel idea to clean decks. They fitted old MiG-15
The couple have transformed their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk.
Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, has been using frizz-free hair for
Scientists at Rockefeller University in New York have found a new HIV therapy that can reduce the level
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks was hit with a record £21million fine. The bank
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to Hotel Don Pancho in Ben
Vlad Tarasov took to the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm in the city's
Baltimore Police Department used cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007. Detective from the department
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.
Deputy PM said there was a'very real danger' Ukip and Northern Ireland's allerg could
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years. The couple divorced in 1990
Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go
Chinese team took dragon-themed kite to kite flying festival in Chongqing.
Jemima Kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a new PSA for
Jondrew Magil Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Cherie Phillips,
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Facebook,
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, attacked two workers at Leicester Square station. She was unable
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park, Sussex, has been lovingly
Dutch-led team found more body parts and debris at crash site. Also found jewellery
Emma Dickson, 31, was meant to be planning her wedding to her fiance Dougie
Barry Lyttle, 33, and his brother Patrick, 33, were involved in a fight
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes the site in West Java is revered because it is an
Immerse is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45) It works
The Homeless Period campaign aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets. The campaign
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in 1995. He said she
President Barack Obama said in an interview with NPR that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or '
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, from Greenwich Village, photographed prostitutes and pimps in the
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a
Researchers used statistics from Sleep Cycle app users. They found the earliest wake-up time worldwide
Volkswagen’s Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus
Veteran pilot Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO in the sky. The aircraft
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone - a powerful drug used to treat schizophrenia
Brad Reynolds, 38, has been TripAdvisor's top contributor with 66,000 contributions
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the woman 'bull
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in Iran. He gives speeches
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol. MacDonald crashed her
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself decorating colourful Easter baskets. Mariah Carey was also
Celebrity chef Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promotingnr-free water. Health
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was
Christopher Bailey celebrated launch of new Burberry store in Los Angeles. Over 700 guests, including
Madeline Luciano, 40, fired from PS 18, in Manhattan after alleged bullying.
Chimpan Mexicans learned to look both ways before crossing a busy road. They also run across
The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman announced they were 'consciously uncoupling'
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was just 16 when she starred in Woody Allen's
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her son Mikaeel to death before dumping body. The
Joan Langbord and her sons were awarded the rights to ten rare gold coins possibly worth
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. She has lived and worked with
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' about SNP's demands. He said
Cardiff University study found teens who try e-cigarettes are also smokers. This suggests teens are
Ex Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. Says we need to get tougher
The SEC said the company's employees gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police
Duchess of Cornwall launched her own honey in late spring. Just 250 jars are being produced,
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised Oratory School in Fulham. It said it
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 murders in
Woman, 84, was helping her husband park when car accelerated into her. She suffered head
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open door
Dog walkers warned about deliberate attempts to kill their animals. Cuckoo Trail saus
Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, caught fire this afternoon. The Grade II listed
L'Ardéchoise is a family friendly site nestled on the banks of
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties.
Carwyn Scott-Howell, 7, fell from 164ft cliff while skiing in French
Four men were killed in Mosul, northern Iraq, last week. They were all men who
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst fashion brands and companies
The plant produces paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers and
The former model and mistress of Rossetti died in February 1909. She was suffering from '
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills. It
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene after ISIS
Video shows £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray. First jet blasted
Scott Keyes, 28, is a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy
Neil Patrick Harris serves grilled fish, ceviche, and quesadillas, but
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took her children on an Easter holiday. She described how the
New data shows how number of international migrants has increased by 80 million. In 1995 there were
Cecil Hamilton-illas was a key prosecutor of the camp guards. He was part of the
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Paul Monk was
Elijah McCrae, five months, died in his mother's arms on Monday. His
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years with a kitchen
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. Tory leader
Surfers Paradiseiller Maids have been a tradition since 1965. Business leaders say the group
Gen. Singh is spearheading the rescue mission in Yemen. He was quoted as saying that
Zoe Hommel, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age
Jacob Phillips, 23, fell down cliff after a night out in Cardiff. He ran from
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her Dublin home in 2011.
Drive eO is developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the P
Boeing's 'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments. The
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, was heartbroken when she found out
Daisy Goodwin has suffered with head lice since she was 19. She says she has suffered
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, was strip-sear
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother were stuck in the sand.
Kate Winslet, 39, wore a size-nine shoe at a film premiere. The
ISIS have released a series of social media rules following their recent defeats. The rules include the
Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seen their looks change.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race. The men's crews rowed the same stretch
Tibor Racsits, 42, was attacked by three teenagers in Newcastle. One 15
Martin Burgess clock is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock. Harrison thought up problem
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. Philip lost his
New poster shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader. Tory chairman Grant Shapps said:
Phillip and Gaby had been called in to fix a leak in their London home. But
Aaron Hernandez was a star high school football player in Bristol, Connecticut. He was a member
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of Powell's in Portland
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland
Amanda Chatel wrote in an essay that she is a victim of date rape. She was
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison in 1972. He was serving
52% of Scots now backing SNP, with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Prince Ottaviano de’ Ducana is aiming to reclaim the city. He wants
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. She was told she only had nine
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982. Prime
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, Arizona, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007
Trevor Noah has split from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel. The pair reportedly started dating in early
Lily Sharp, 18, from the UK, took a joke to herself after being kidnapped.
Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey on Sunday. The Manchester City midfielder
Adrian Schaffner took his dog Sintha along for a day of skiing. The
Vin Loss, 24, from Montreal, Canada, has 24 tattoos on his face alone.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United footballer. But she found
Eamon Sullivan proposed to girlfriend Naomi Bass on a walk in Kyoto. The former Olympic swim
Paul Simon, 73, has forged ahead of youthful musicians to reach top. His album out
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the'significantly rampant population' of the pest.
TV presenter Guy Martin is facing a police probe after boasting he drove an Aston Martin at 180
Hector Valles, 25, was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel when police arrived
The Apple Watch is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. It comes
Brian Stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him. The father-of
Johanna Powell, 37, was reported missing on Saturday after a boat hit a rock.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come
The ploy means shoppers are subject to stealth price rises. The popular biscuits carry the Cadbury
Labour leader promised to crack down on illegal exploitation of migrant workers. He said Exploitation
Topshop and Topman set to open second store in NSW. Brand will pull out all
Jerry Tarkanian, 5, suffered a stroke at University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in
Heather Mack, 19, is being held over the murder of her mother Sheila von Wies
A Brisbane-based judge has granted a 16-year-old who was born a girl
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. He
Orrden Williams Jr. was attacked outside a BP gas station in Memphis, Tennessee.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exoner
TV chef, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat. Kim
Jinumo, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed. He
Kazi Islam, 18, sent messages via his Blackberry to Harry Thomas, 19.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark Campground in Victoria. It
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas on drug possession charges
Dr Frederic Brandt hanged himself at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on
Toby Perkins is deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign. He is also MP for Chesterfield
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Ca
Researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash. Claire had
Pittsburgh Pirates fan knocked unconscious and taken to hospital. She was making her way back to her
Rutherford, 46, filed a lawsuit in August against the federal court for custody of her children
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. She can
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9
A road rage incident caught on camera shows a man beating an elderly truck driver along the side
Images were posted on Twitter by Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. Group is known for
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westaroice, Vikesland
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at Costa Tegu
Ukip leader Nigel Farage is campaigning for the South Thanet seat. He was heckled by
Torrey Ward, Scott Bittner and Terry Stralow were killed in the crash
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for
Shona Banda, 37, is a medical marijuana activist and author. She was arrested
Guernsey is one of the key locations for the ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival. The
Housebreaker's code has been spotted in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire. It
Tommy Connolly, 23, messaged his 17-year-old cousin Angela to see
Frances, 22, revealed she's not a fan of Kurt Cobain's music. She
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything
Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to dress their babies
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens tomorrow for a ninth series. auditions will be
Cody the Havana cob was rescued after six hours in a ditch. He was stuck for up
Aracely Meza, 49, is accused of helping to starve the boy to rid
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. The object would have been
David Cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending. £1.4bn spent
Man killed after garbage truck pinned him against a pole in Footscray, Melbourne. Par
Detectives investigating Hatton Garden gem heist missed CCTV footage. footage was handed to Metropolitan
The island of Saint Helena is just 122 square kilometres in total. It is just one ten
Morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters. The supermarket says
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley. He
Jessica Knight, 4, has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings
New York Police Department has had a chequered past. department's first chief of police
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder after allegedly stabbing her former father-
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood was developed by Glu Mobile last June. Game uses the reality star
Almost half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class. Aldi and L
90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time. Endometriosis
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponz
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and
The explosion happened at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range. It happened while an equipment operator
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee, 31
Ellie Harrison, 37, joined Countryfile in 2011. She has previously spoken about her looks
Terry McCarty was just six when he was engulfed with flames. His brothers filled a bowl
Sue Perkins received a barrage of abuse on Twitter when her name was mentioned for Top Gear role
Douglas Murphy, 47, bumped his leg against a bin bag while cleaning up. A cut
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. He said
The unnamed man, who died in May 2014, was a naturalized U.S.
Experts say second royal baby will have less effect on sales of champagne and cake. Royal Mint
Peter Hiett, 49, worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight
Swan has released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron for £279.
Niamh Geaney launched Facebook search for her doppelgänger. 26
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' at Leeton High School. Her remains
The images, which feature in the May editions of Harper's Bazaar, debuted yesterday online
Zhao Pingan was born one year after his mother was killed in a car crash. Chinese
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot for
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. His pictures showcase Se
Fullips suction-thimble has already been seen at West End parties. Charlotte puck
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent messages by a pervert
Nicola Sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up
Ashley Jiron noticed someone was looking for food in bins behind her restaurant. She decided to
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct legal decisions. But she was accused of
David Cameron will offer public £4 billion of Lloyds shares to the public. It
Neurio claims to make ‘every ordinary home smart’ It recognises the
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month. The BBC had
Joselyn Alejandra Stephens believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in
Clare Balding married her partner Alice Arnold in 2006. The couple did not have a ceremony
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm. His brother
Hamish Baillie, 47, claims Lord Janner abused him during a game of
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved bear Tikko on
First pictures of Hatton Garden jewellery heist shows how gang returned to the building twice
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, had dreams
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London. The 20
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
Cher Lair from suffice, North Carolina, cut into a cake at her gender reveal party with
Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information
Woolworths used a striking image of the 'Handsome Man' in its ad
Adam Deacon, 32, of east London, is on trial over allegations of harassment.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an
Arnold Breitenbach wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license
Bjorn Ulvaeus is creating a restaurant inspired by the musical. The restaurant is located
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June
Jackson Byrnes, 18, from Northern New South Wales, was told he had a brain
Coral Jones, 43, was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform. More than 300,000 screens
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep,
Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing BBC role. She was
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird demonstrated a
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
The 39-year-old man was shot multiple times while sitting in a car in his
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecr
Figures vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy. They are a
'When Hillary Clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her
More than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014. That was
Living Dead Clothing has launched a range of clothing for men and women. The company beat big
Sofia Vergara, 42, and fiancé Nick Loeb, 39, are
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, was driving on the A444 in Coventry
Neill Buchel, 39, was beaten, kicked and bludgeoned to death
Boris Johnson warns of 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government'
Lucy Scott created the book after looking back at her own first year of being a parent.
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter,
A 42-year-old man drove his Ford Falcon ute straight through the front doors
FBI released images of man they are trying to trace in connection with sex abuse probe. Investigators
Columbia Journalism School released 12,000-word autopsy of discredited story. Sabrina Rubin Er
Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed
Phil Rudd, 60, pleaded guilty to threatening to kill and drug possession. The charges stem
Doug Wilson, 93, and Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, died just two minutes apart
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a
Patrick Kramer, 33, from Springville, Utah, specialises in extremely hyper-real
Jamie Richardson and Daniel Taylor fined $3,000 for threatening behaviour. Pair allegedly threw peanuts
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. Dr Sally Norton
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging
Inside Harley Street is a new documentary about the world of cosmetic procedures. Michael Pulman,
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to St Paul's in the 1960s. Har
Sisters Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked
Buyer's Advocate Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
SNP leader will unveil manifesto including proposals for foreign policy. She also wants to cut tuition fees
Sudan is guarded daily and night by rangers in Kenyan reserve. They have even cut off
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an electrician. He apparently
Man from Mozambique died in Johannesburg after being attacked by gangs. At least six
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said the'safe direction of travel' was towards independence. But she
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
A striking picture, taken by Kenji Wardenclyffe, captured the moment a man
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to her husband to
In recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially. In the past,
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi,
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and
Chancey Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death
A. Alfred Taubman, the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California, is the most expensive
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe. It
The 55-year-old has been attending regular Zumba classes up to four times
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, were
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with
Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
Tortoiseshell Mimi was picked to star in a national TV advert. The cat
Jessica Cleland, 19, committed suicide after she was bullied over Facebook. Her parents Michael
NSW State Emergency Service is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW. The SES
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods. Asda's Piri Pir
US giant Morgan Stanley said Labour-led government would be 'dragged to the left'
Sir Bruce Forsyth said he would like to 'die with a bit of dignity left'
Damon Albarn, 47, has criticised modern pop stars for singing platitudes. Blur
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon.
Peter Barnett, 43, said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Ch
Study tracked the decisions of brides and grooms over the past five years. It found
Dwayne Harvard, 46, was driving his 2002 Ford Explorer through Pennsylvania and Pittsburgh with Steven
Danielle Busby gave birth to her five babies at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas last
Nick Loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee Sofia Verg
Young boy was approached by favourite character R2D2 at convention. The pair began dancing
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventapixel
The giant arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US. They were found
Toyo Almonds claims the amount of yoghurt that sticks to lids worldwide is
Number of UK baby boomers will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Ten properties across the country which haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology company's building in
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has 20 different
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. Camellias are
Peter Weber Jr. is the oldest active pilot in the world. He reportedly flew in both
Police arrested a 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire on Saturday.
Deep brain stimulation is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. But researchers now believe it could
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring. The mercury is predicted to soar to
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. The Australian designer has had
Alexis Keslar was walking along the Yuma Canal bank with her 18-month-old
A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday. Two children were pulled from
Jet Airways plane was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew. Its left wing landing gear collapsed and
Luxury concierge service Bluefish offers the chance to dive 12,500ft below
The bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base in Cyprus. Normally,
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society. It covers three household cleaning
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, battled anorexia since she was 16. At
Youngsters are shooting at each other and family homes in Sheffield. Families say they are being
Judges have caused controversy by naming parents of nine children. They include three terror suspects who have
John Coyne, 56, attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious
Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in tax avoidance in Britain.
Former PM said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn
Joel Wilkinson, three, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Condition
Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death penalty after killing San Antonio Police Officer John '
Kieran Loveridge, 21, was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison last month
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas,'shot cat with bow believing it
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed twice in the chest outside his home. Teenager pulled
Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man. She injected
Solomon Khoorban, 33, attacked two women in Leicester Square club. He punched one
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of killing Stephanie Scott, a popular high school teacher in
Bill de Blasio is allegedly running as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton. The
Harvey Weinstein and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway
Zodiac Aerospace unveil luxury sleeping areas for crew. Each bunk has a personal service unit offering
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid having a diva
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls. He was
Researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains. They say the animal
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes to give insight into inspiration for period drama. Festival
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, was fired from Top Gear after attacking a producer. But he has
CCTV shows man dragging 18-year-old woman from bus stop and into garden. He
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through Madidi national park in Bolivia. tree toppled onto
Zipporah Lisle- celwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her
Ethan Czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush
Obama and Castro will have a substantive 'disc Nato' tomorrow. It will be the first
Randwick Racecourse was declared unsafe to race on. Officials said the turf was too dangerous
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne. The men were arrested after police foil
Authorities drove bodies of alleged terrorists around Garissa, Kenya. They were then driven in a
Tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit. It includes pre-crafted
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was charged with second-degree assault. She was
Miniature Space cookery series shows how to make miniature cakes. chef makes strawberry cake with
Rand Paul, a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid on Tuesday in Louisville
The Queen was pictured in the Royal Box at Newbury Racecourse. Her horse, Ring
The gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities including Diana Dors. Bob Dylan, Mar
Daria Rose lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools.
Reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, popped the question to her on Wednesday.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington. He also
City of Manchester has failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in
Daphne Selfe, 86, models for Vans and & Other Stories. Model
Graham Leonard was flying back to Scotland after watching Manchester United. He grabbed the PA microphone on
Women's Institute told it must pay thousands of pounds to serve cakes. Two of its members
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world. It contains solar cells that power
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties in Islington, north London
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was a former mob enforcer in Rhode
Boy, 14, held in Blackburn after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester. Girl
Only 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter followers are real people who participate on the social
Wellington put on one hell of a show for its inaugural CubaDupa festival. The
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found. Vincent Standford,
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, were at lunch
Scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen have measured how big the
Hillary Clinton said she was 'unabashedly giddy' at the news of her
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh found the ring at Finns Beach Club in Bali. She
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one
Carol Chandler, 53, of Wellington, Shropshire, is accused of indecently
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into Club
Anarda De La Carraid Perez Friman, 37, is said to have killed
Ana Elizondo was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at
British children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone
39% of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour.
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. between Boulder City and
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, was awarded the Victoria Cross for his 48-
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has attracted criticism for wearing a headscarf during her trip to Iran
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned. But she
Madonna, 56, posted image of the Iron Lady on Instagram. But quickly deleted it after
The 2014 Miraval Rose wine has been praised by wine critics. Marks and Spencer has launched
Dr Chris Van Tulleken says branded painkillers are just 'clever marketing' He
Joseph Devaney and Kieron Rolstron were jailed for aggravated burglary and vehicle taking
Man, 62, was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. Police were called
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Alfred P Murrah Federal Building 20 years ago
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to have her ex's name tattoo
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
Father has written open letter to South Gloucestershire council pleading for action. He said
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds was wrong. She feared the drug
Chelsea Clinton, 35, was just 12 when she became the first daughter of the U.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was demoted from the Little League team after
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday - the day before her big day. The 26
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after holding up a cash-
Clare Else's husband Andrew was stabbed to death by Ephraim Norman. The 52
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. But was pictured
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife Shaquana Graham, 33, and
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he
Kathleen Bailey, 70, given power of attorney over her dying friend's finances. She was
Citizens for Tax Justice released a report last week that lists the 15 Fortune 500 corporations that sque
Nate Silver correctly predicted the results of the 2008 US presidential election. He said both Labour and
Annika McKenzie, 34, was charged with second-degree assault on school grounds, a
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach. She is
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's
Tom O'Carroll, 69, is a former Open University information officer. He attended
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa. The 43-
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Dec
Ethiopian Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2
The most popular question typed into Google was asking how old Hillary Clinton is. The second-
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the River Cam after punting
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was thrown in on Sunday.
Aren Almon-Kok was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on
Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on River Cam. Mr As
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is a rock-cut
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured in 1970s TV series.
Alaska Airlines Flighttell was bound for Los Angeles from Seattle. The man fell asleep inside the
Rik Mayall, 56, died suddenly last June aged 56. probate records reveal he
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children must give up payments from the government unless care is
Pennyhill Park is a wedding venue, a delightful spot for afternoon tea, and is perfect
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer. He
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was
Luke Shambrook was found just three kilometres from where he went missing on Friday.
Study reveals 31% of men have never washed their own car. Three quarters of women never
Researchers analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people. Found that significantly more men
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting Friday.
Robert Knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who has clocked up 350
Miley Cyrus challenged convention to challenge - and left her underarms unshaved. Experts
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, is suffering from kidney failure. She organized
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow
Roxy Walsh, 34, met with the owners of a sentimental ring in Noosa,
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, has a rare condition that makes his neck bend
41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year
Hackers took over 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde. They posted
Life expectancy for women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012. This is
Kelly-Anne Bates was tortured to death by her lover James Smith. The horrific attack took
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year
Niloofar Rahmani is Afghanistan's first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator
Trend is inspired by character from popular show Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls In Afecture
Princess Eugenie looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner. The 25-
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
The stunning set of images was taken in a forest near Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months
June Whitfield, 89, will star as Sister Ruth in EastEnders. She said
Synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses are involuntaryuntarily joined together
Noel Marshall married Tippi Hedren and spent years living with Melanie Griffith as her stepbrother
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Cheshire, was a size 24 and weighed 19st
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage after being struck by an
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to consider fixed day. Act passed in
Tenants paying £150 a week to live in properties worth millions. They are in May
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire. The
Prime Minister says seven key Tory policies would help get people on property ladder. He says '
Luke Lazarus was jailed for raping an 18-year-old girl at SOHO nightclub
Jake Shaw, 21, was volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, uploaded images to boost her confidence. Mother
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Biso the cat had been stuck behind a wall at a Cairo metro station. He had
Chantelle Doherty, 21, of Prestwich, Greater Manchester, jailed for two
Audrie Pott, 15, killed herself after she was sexually assaulted at a party in
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc, 8, were left
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital after being stabbed to death outside a KFC. Police were
Dante de Blasio, 17, is a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School. He is expected
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. She mistakenly
Miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on
Shannon Dooley, 30, has created 'Retrosweat' aerobics class
Ukip has reduced number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources. Party strategist said'something extraordinary
Justin Jackson, of Florida, accused of posing as Oprah, Madonna, Madonna and Reggie Love
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Transformers. Her
maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape. grey and white areas
Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London.
Child pelted Israeli police with stones during violent clashes in West Bank. Israeli forces used tear
Delroy Facey is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing
Wandsworth council has removed the rule giving priority to siblings. Families who move 800 metres
Killer seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. On
Nicholas and Kseniya Soukeras, from New York, can't agree on the
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for murders. He killed
Wak pastry alarm clock, which costs $250 (£167) is affixed to a wall
UKOG claims it has found 100bn barrels of oil in Weald Basin. Experts are
Yazidi girl was released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State. The
Anonymous benefactor posted envelope to church officials, pledging £1.5million. The money
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money
The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level. The birds
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media. Hollie, 30, says she
Jessica Bialek, 37, was last seen leaving her home in Coogee,
Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first by Chicago Arbitrats
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied mice. Found in young, non-
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names. Hurricane Committeedeemed the
Kathy Hughes, 12, said her father, 61-year-old Doug Hughes, was
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, weighed 23 stone after getting married.
Yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families. They have been forced to convert
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton.
The map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting nutrient from the National
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind. HSBC is consistently in the top
Three youngsters from Glasgow and North Yorkshire win competition. They were allowed to film inside MI5
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with BRCA1 gene in 2005. This increases a woman
YouTuber Dave Hax devised the simple kitchen method. Uses a knife to remove the
Zachary Davis, now 17, is on trial for the murder of his mother Melanie Davis
Nadine Crooks, 33, stopped taking contraception after learning she had polycystic ov
More than 700 black bears have been butchered in Vietnam in past year. Farmers claim
McGuffey High School in Pennsylvania held its first clothing-related protest on Thursday. The
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took bear on every Spitfire and Defiant flight. He
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital for her 20th birthday. The British
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to
BB-8 took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim. It literally ran
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband’s plans will not
Nigel Short said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ He
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, met
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption when he stood up
Vitamin E found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate stress. This is because the
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed an app called Visualize You. It calculates what you
Hillary Clinton's Chevy van stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, accused of assaulting boy
James Moody died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. White Star Lines co
Nikki Balovich had taken off diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon course after the last checkpoint,
The Martinhal Beach Resort is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for
Alabama's Troy University track star Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun
Nasa released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface
Marisa Curlen, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was found dead in
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
ISIS has nearly surrounded the Iraqi city of Ramadi, Iraqi officials say. The advance is
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3
Four men accused of stabbing Mozambican national Emmanuel Mubarakole to death in Johannesburg township
Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights after a drone was reported buzzing around the area.
Scientists say they have detected gases in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica. They say
National Guard activated in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency. internal report
Study by Lancaster University scanned the brains of participants. They found 'arousing words' affected
Prime Minister revealed daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the
Almond growers in California at centre of row over water usage during drought. State supplies more
Consumer groups' letter to the Federal Trade Commission says the app is stuffed with advertisements and product
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy since Christmas last
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was arrested last week for breaking his leg
Fears for two new strains of influenza as scientists have included protection against two new strains.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn in as mayor of Parma, Missouri last week
Italian bio-designers MHcerti have unveiled their concept to replace the eye. They
Stephen King's hit novel series The Dark Tower is on its way to big and small screens
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and
Youngster holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. He reels rapidly, but
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, sent
The collective ceremony was billed as the first of its kind to be held in China. The
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax. He was ev
Brighton house is one of two Alice in Wonderland themed houses. The Wonderland House sleeps up to
A proposed alcohol ban could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali. Indonesia Institute president Ross
'abalal perfumes can take years off a woman' says Mandy Aftel
Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group. The Australian retailer have refused
Barbie's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, now has three quarters of
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards out of cot at home. 19-
Jalin Smith-illin, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan Police after video
Stefan Stoykov, 18, moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year
Survey reveals that more than 80% of young people feel lonely. Half of those aged 55
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon attacks Labour leader. Claims Putin would be happy to see Ed Miliband pro
McDonald's installed spikes to stop homeless sleeping rough. But critics say they are only to stop
Akon Guode was in a serious condition at Royal Children's Hospital. Akon Gu
The Oklahoma Transportation Network Services Act was originally intended to allow private businesses to discriminate against gay people
Michelle Hutchison is a money expert fromoved.com.au. She says it can
Jo Burston, 43, is a successful entrepreneur. She has turned over $40 million
Philip Hammond pledged to protect the Falklands from 'Argentinian bullying' The country is
Hattie Gladwell, 19, blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag
John Frost has worked at London airports for more than 20 years. He has been called a
Karen Buckley, 24, went out with friends in Glasgow on Sunday. She was last seen
Jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at
Man, 6ft3in tall, about 35, was found in Gniezno
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave £1m to Nermin Kancefer. He
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. His best stories are from his
David Cameron has said he has watched Bake Off in the past. Ukip have focused on a
Channel Ten show The Project apologised for using footage of the wrong African-American comic. The
EasyJet customers were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation. But the airline told its hard
Police response times in Bedfordshire and Devon increased by up to 50%. In Essex and
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers
Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA. It is the
Duchess of Cambridge has been a fan of Hobbs since her pregnancy. The brand has taken
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall
Billionaires are queuing up for superyacht submarines that give them a glimpse of the
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and dissemin
Deputy Labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases. She said: 'We
Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer created the robot. It
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ron and June Phillips, 69.
Dave Heeley, 57, is the first blind man to complete the Marathon des S
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into findings 'in detail' The Mail's
Bill and Denise Richard say they oppose the death penalty for their son Martin, 21, and
Gemma, 34, launched her updated range for Evans. The TOWIE star says
120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at midday
The eight-inch leather dusky was found during an excavation in Gdansk, Poland
parking charges topped the list of most-loathed charges in a poll by Direct Line.
Noelle Baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after
Supermarket has been stocking English tomatoes and asparagus. Supermarket has been stocking as
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead on Wembley street on Tuesday.
The city of Puno is on the shores of Lake Titicaca, which stretches 110
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan, 24, models new eyewear range for
pumpkin seed oil is thought to boost your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause
Teenager wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by
Jia Huaijin, 33, now makes swords in rural China that sell for up
35 people died and 125 were injured in the explosion in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. The
Fashion Week is the first of its kind in the US. The Beckhams and Kim Kardashian
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt to Yemen. The fleet is keeping
The Knightsbridge flat has just three years left on the lease for the property. The property
Janek Zylinski, son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939,
Nurture Me Fertility expert Isabelle Obert says a good diet can affect the
Labour leader said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' He said
Petri Kurti, 13, jailed for 12 years for murder of Glynis B
Jeremy Clarkson said he was told he might have cancer two days before. The 55-year
The 57-room mansion Homeden was built as a garage to service the 57-room
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee, Sydney, around
Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to. The man
Young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday. He was caught under
Stephanie Scott's body was found in bushland days before her wedding. The 26-year
Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from blog run by boyfriend Jim Jepps. He used blog
Elon Musk pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company Tesla to Google in 2013, according
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Oregon when a masked man
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 and was last seen leaving his car. His body
Study by Karolinska Institute in Sweden found 50% of brothers guilty of sex crime
Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-t
Historian Eric Cline claims the collapse of the ancient Civilisations was caused by a series
The suit is on display at Graceland, Elvis' former home-turned-museum
Mick Tabone first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. The farmer
Three Mormon Mormon Mormon men have both transition gender. Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-
Westley Capper, 37, has admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30
Justin Welby said 148 Christian students killed by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was arrested for hosting a drunken party for her teenage
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie. She and husband
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in the heart of
Video shows car being catapulted into the air by a roadside bomb. Just as it begins
Edwin 'Jock' Mee is accused of attacking 11 cadets as young as 15
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by Orting, Washington, police after just under
Robert 'Bob' Burns died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Carters
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the mural from the Darduna family. The
Mugabe was pictured in Pretoria, South Africa, for a three-day state visit
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the gruelling marathon race today.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the British Museum since 2002
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, died after he suffered a heart attack on a
Tiger Woods was on the ninth hole when he came into contact with a root. The 39
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul non-domicile regime. New rules would allow 116
The clip shows two Aboriginal women painted in ochre in a video for 8MMM
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with bowel cancer in July 2012. He underwent
Kathy Bush was arrested in 1995 after her 9-year-old daughter Jennifer was reported to
Tiger Woods carded three-under 69 in second round of Masters at Augusta. Woods is
Britons wake up grumpier than anyone else in the Western world. Despite seven hours 22
Justin Bettman started building sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premed
Temperatures in London expected to reach 25C (77F) in South East today.
Chinese motorist drove past injured woman who turned out to be his mother. He called police
First Minister revealed she would regard vote in Tories' proposed poll as justification to reopen the question
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassmed by Anne
Officer Michael Slager, 33, charged with murder after Walter Scott, 50, was shot
Clint Gee made the five-hour journey to his mother's grave-site every year
Clarence Taylor, 44, was charged with falsifying his own kidnapping. Police say he faked
Prince Harry is in Australia for official military duty and is in Canberra. He was greeted by
SNP's Nicola Sturgeon wore a blue and black dress during debate. Many viewers thought it was
Kim, 34, said her daughter, one, loves to get ready and is obsessed with
Daniel Boykin, 33, was arrested after a woman came forward with videos of herself on
Shanay Walker was found cold and stiff in bed at family home last July. Her aunt
grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old
Farouk Younis, imam of mosque used by relatives of Hassan Munshi and Tal
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001. He then went on
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with
Actress Paula Duncan revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43. The actress, 62,
Ten Pieces was created as part of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The lifestyle brand produces
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, was
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australians have spent 50 per cent more on digital
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix
Researchers quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about drinking habits. Those who had watched
Protesters gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street. 'Enough is enough -
Vijay Chokal- Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school because he
RSPCA South Australia released images of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994. Her body was found five
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson, Indiana on April
Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days. The Labour leader was
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who pulled Matthew Sitko,
Tabby cat George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park. He
The images show a shoal of fish making way for a shark in the shallow waters of
Choc on Choc's limited edition chocolates come in three different flavours. Each
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood and why the United States needs a female president.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually
Nick Loeb, 39, filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos. He says
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was found guilty of raping the
Clare Balding has vowed to do less after presenting everything from rugby league to Crufts.
Abase Hussen took his daughter Amira to a rally in London in 2012. He
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects. SpiderFab could cut
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week. He said the premise
Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier was stolen from owner Kirsty Mitton's home. R
The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Grac
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor
The $2million mansion was advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website. It
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls. The
Romance Was Born presented their new collection at the Art Gallery of NSW. The collection was created
Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February. David Cameron said the Conservatives had
vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP found in about 95% of prostate
Senator Bob Corker, of Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there
Tracey Cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention
Margaret and Gary Mazan had their 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, North and Kim's sister are in Armenia. The Kardashian-
Gang of robbers used pink umbrellas to hide their involvement in the crime. They stole
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder. She
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney,
The TSA will 'enhance' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that African
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend with 'purple speaker
Number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to two thirds in 2050
V. Stiviano, the alleged mistress of Clippers owner Donald Sterling, has been ordered
Awel Manyang, five, believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, said he was happy to give up
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, was unable to get to her local high school after
Nelson Felippe took a photo of himself on a train platform. He expressed his disapproval
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire later this year. He has worked
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren. Cost of paying
Demi Moore is selling the San Remo penthouse she shared with ex-husband Bruce
Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across Cardiff. Cardiff Council
Indian man, 41, accused of posting 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that her son, Chris, must remain
New research has found that Poundland items are up to 50% more expensive than those sold
The gold fish have now numbered to over 3,000 or 4,000. They are
Her Majesty's @BritishMonarchy has amassedrave,000 followers. Her Majesty's Twitter
Abbey Clancy, 29, is the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing. She
Ards Borough Council spent £7,280 on three-course Christmas party for staff.
Feidin Santana, 23, met with the family of Walter Scott, 50, at
Women who drink two cups of coffee a day have half the risk of breast cancer returning by
Apple's first foray into the personal luxury goods market. The device was available for preorder
Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Can
Her Majesty was at a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London. Was
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning
Star Wars director George Lucas has unveiled plans for a $200m affordable housing complex on his
Shaun Worthington, 29, was driving home from a speed awareness course. He ve
Solar Probe Plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona. It will study the solar
Ron Miscavige, 54, had recently left the Church of Scientology. Ron's son
Kendalia Halle, a German immigrants' residence, was built in 1902 by German immigrants
Ten-year-old golden retriever Martha was swept out to sea by a strong current
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the facelift would save her j
Frustrated listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off. They branded
Family-oriented festival Elderflower Fields is held in idyllic setting of Pippingford
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured last Friday at the Security Inn and Suites
'untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry. Dr Des
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the
Story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, gorges on junk food to titill
Britt Lapthorne, 21, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in
Belinda Bartholomew was buying a chicken for a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at UCLA Medical Center on April 16
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his Raleigh Chopper. He
Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday. The former
New research shows that young people are less likely to whistle now. The decline of working class
The blunder happened at the Pensions office in Essen, Germany. The woman was
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croy
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for
64 per cent of Americans think they spend more when they shop with friends. Almost half blame
Baroness Brady was at a training centre in Newark to announce apprenticeships. She sat politely
Catherine Grove, 28, was a nursing student at Arkansas Christian Church. She was reported missing
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle.
Roadkill map shows the trail of destruction caused by California's state highways. The map was
Dr Ros Altmann will take responsibility for protecting people from pension and mortgage charges. She will
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday. She
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in
Arias was sentenced to life in prison on Monday for murdering Travis Alexander. She killed him
Luis Velasquez asked Tiffany Gay to be his date at the prom. The special needs
Cheryl and Robert Prudham, both 33, are planning to renew vows in Las Vegas
Fight broke out at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar at the Resort World Casino.
Chinese state media says the government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at
Two houses have been swept away by floodwater in NSW's Hunter Valley. One house was
Inquiry into Iraq war began in 2009 and stopped taking evidence in 2011. Report was initially thought
Acetamin bleach (paracetamol) is the main ingredient in the over-
Henry Rayhons, 78, is preparing to stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife,
The boy was beaten with metal rods and water pipes by his mother. The 50-year
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to tie the knot. Cou
Jacob Lemay was born Mia, the second of three girls in the Lemays family.
Couple took son out of school without permission for five-day holiday. They were originally
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced to 100 years
The 40m lump was found beneath Draycott Avenue and Walton Street in Chelsea. utility
Lloyd Dennis, 32, has been charged with 28 offences against two children. He has taught
Apple founder's widow Laurene has called Hillary Clinton a'revolutionary' woman. She
Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of
Brian Nicol, 32, died in a pool at a luxury holiday villa in Nue
Philadelphia-based artist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits of well
Abdul Hadi Arwani was shot and killed in North West London last Tuesday. He
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Stephanie Scott, 24. The casual school cleaner
Squadron Leader Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane in 1940. He had been
Tories and Labour will only be separated by 0.1% in general election. UKIP and
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Malaysia. She
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed Michael Spalding, 39, and dismembered his
Kim Scott posted a poem she had written for her sister and her partner. The 26-
Nick Clegg and wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez were interviewed for ITV's Tonight. They
Former Dragons' Den star said Ed Miliband's plan had won him over. He said:
Shocked student and doctor's wife plunged into basement of their flats. Workman was buried
Relatives of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are refusing to accept that he was behind
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the
Fleas in Flagstaff, Arizona, have been found to carry plague. The plague,
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge
The California Highway Patrol became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an
Two young Muslims attacked a 14-year-old boy in Lahore, Pakistan. They
Candice, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in dream Angels campaign.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31
Baby April was found in the disabled toilets of Silcock's Amusement Arcade. Mer
Ceara Lynch, 28, makes more than one dollar per minute selling her used underwear
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress Janet Brown, 45, in 2005. He
The person, who will not be identified until their arraignment on Monday, was taken into
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a
Mohammed Morsi was acquitted of inciting murder charges in Cairo. But court acquitted him of charges that
Harvard, Columbia and Duke University study found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or
Qatar Airways ranked the most reliable airline in the world. Emirates and China Eastern were the top
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, was arrested after deputies found the eight-
Azamara Club Cruises' Quest carries about 680 passengers. The vessel is part of the
Comedy Central announced last month that Trevor Noah will take over. Stewart said he was becoming increasingly
Raul Hector Castro, former Arizona Governor, died on Friday morning. He was the only
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, a teacher at Bergen County Academies in New
The 34-year-old man was seen on video knocked over by a man. He
Scott Shirley, wife Mayo and son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington. Family were sitting in
Passer-by reported seeing 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher. Alongside
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims,
Jade Walters loaned her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. But
The Library Hotel is located just steps from the New York Public Library. Each of its 60
Rare archive photo found in Hitler 'fan magazine' from the Thirties. In led
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she
Bikini-clad models put aside their fear of heights in a 'test of their composure
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies
Madonna, 56, gave a three-minute stand-up routine on The Tonight Show on
Kibulu the African lion was adopted by Zambi Wildlife Retreat's Donna Wilson.
Zoe Gregory, 26, was arrested after email threat was sent from her account. She was
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was eating in Camden Council chamber when he was spotted.
Sperm whale swam to inspect sub - causing gasps and shouts of 'holy cow
Daniel Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action
Medical experts say Bond would have died several times in Skyfall. One fall would have '
Chihuahua puppy found covered in horrific burns in California. Rescuer named it
David Cameron greeted voters in Cheltenham as he left speech. But aides ordered Jack Russell
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over
Digital formats have finally caught up with physical formats. Overall global sales of $14.97
Richard Hammond releases video documenting his 'bored' lifestyle. BBC co-host appears to
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper'
Unison member warns long shifts are treated like'slave labour' She says staff are falling
Hiroshi Ueda invented the extender stick in the 1980s. He said he came
Amy, 24, has unveiled summer range full of pastels and florals. Says
graphic signs warning visitors not to stop put up in Lastres, north-west Spain.
Hawaii scientists say a supercoat may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (
Miliband used Edinburgh speech to claim the Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and
Food supplier for supermarket giant sacked worker after caught urinating. worker casually stood in the middle
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners. Bank manager was
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a
CCTV shows bin man lifting bags out of dustbins and throwing them to the side.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adaw
The CDC released a study on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It found
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party in 2004. The party was hosted
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, fired his dispatcher after
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle
Washington, DC-based company United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Chancellor of the Exchequer met the hoover at a campaign stop in Somerset.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was blud
crack cocaine is sold in the open-air bazaars of Rio de Janeiro's crack
Stephen Howells, 39, and his girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, 25, were charged
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone
Field Marshall Erwin Rommel wore the Desert Fox goggles during North Africa battle. Major General
Thomas Cain, 83, was left thinking he had no photos of his mother, Ora
Representative Darrell Issa asked about Clinton's email use. But she was ignored until more than a
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back devolution of powers to Holyrood. But Labour leader
Memo for Congress says the UK may not be considered 'cautiously' relevant to
Lawsuit filed by South Carolina grandmother claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than
Nicola Sturgeon has asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate leaked memo. She said it was a
Georgina Chapman shared an Instagram photo of her husband Harvey Weinstein's bouquet of flowers on
Nyia Parler, 41, was arrested in Maryland on Saturday night. She is accused
Blackburn says his colleagues were 'just working hard' and 'having a good time' The
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on
Queen's Hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, used a refrigerated lorry. Bodies
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son's smell
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, was walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing.
Ashya King's parents took him to hospital in Southampton for proton beam therapy. They
Kim Jong-Un, 32, allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9
George Osborne was booed at the Paralympic Games and Paralympic Games. Osborne
John and Karen Copleston claim neighbour constantly harassed them over a petty dispute. Paul Phillips
SpaceX released video of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge. The
Leslie Cooper, 36, charged with murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, was left with a
Stevie McCrorie beat Lucy O'Byrne in The Voice UK final.
American bishops denounced Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman in a Queensland tavern. He was going about his
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft after friends dared him to jump on a
Angela Kelly, 67, from England, spent years wearing high heels. She had almost no
Jessica Kemp says Seminole County Elementary threatened to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the
A leaked police report says Gray was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died
New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto. The spacecraft
Andrew Sadek, 20, was a second-year student at the State College of
Study by greetings card firm Forever Friends shows that a third of adults meet their closest friends
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV to insist that no troops are in Ukraine. But he looked
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday
Jason Rezaian, the Post's Tehran bureau chief, is facing'security charges'
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million. Property
Parisian public judge actress as older - from 26 to 40 - as day progresses. By
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. But so
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Kl
Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina put on probation
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday. Turkey has summoned the
A coyote was spotted on the grounds of a co-op building in Manhattan on Tuesday
Scientists found compounds in the teeth of Neanderthals in El Sidron, Spain. They
A woman boarded a New York City bus with no standing room. She said that the driver
The bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl
The 37-year-old mother-of-three welcomed her first child, Cecilia
Officials with the Lamar mileageated Independent School District say the handout, entitled Islam/ Rad
odds on a royal baby being a girl have fallen further. The 18th, 19th
A memorial service has been finalised for Ms Scott at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eug
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, told parish
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, was caught with drugs under floorboards.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs
Aidan Turner, 31, stripped off to mow a hay field with a scy
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all domestic flights. The airline also offers complimentary wine
Sol Campbell is part of a campaign to encourage minorities to register. The former Arsenal and England
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list of most photographed Australian tourist attractions. The iconic
Fox, 53, is known as Dr Fox, from Fulham, south west London.
Eric Jackson, a former staff sergeant, took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla - or mango plum. The fruit
Xavier Denamur exposed France as a country of microwave cheats. He even compared it
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, proposed to girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36. He
Temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday. Temperatures
Nikko Jenkins, 28, was jailed for killing four people in 10 days last year.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, got off his train
robot, known as Ham, is on display at the Global Sources spring electronics show in Hong
Gilberto Valle, 30, was convicted of conspiring to kidnap, torture, and eat
Emma Forbes, 49, has astonished showbusiness friends by buying a £27m mansion.
Karen Gaynor, 53, was put on bail for seven months after being charged. Mag
Craig Roberts, 36, was told he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside.
Vandals poured paint over British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V. War memorials
Millie Marotta, 36, from Tenby, Wales, colouring books is now
Violet Price, 80, went missing from her home in Moustier village last week.
Less Than 100 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender- Kovative wage gap to
Karstein Erstad discovered worms on the surface of the snow near Bergen. He said
Jonathan W. Krueger, 22, was shot in the chest around 2 a.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the
Freddie Gray, 25, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at
Island of Por-Bajin is located in a lake in the mountains of southern Siberia
Robert Fidler, 66, built mock-Tudor castle in Salfords
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, captured the family of bears playing and snoozing in
Joshua Corbett, 39, is charged with stalking and breaking into Sandra Bullock's home
ComRes poll reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon kept out of next UK government. 59%
Mohammed Dahbi ordered actress Kassie Thornton and her TV executive partner to stop kissing in back
Serie A referee Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican exorcism course. He said Hollywood
punk fashion took to the catwalk at Sydney's Carriaguine. Phoenix Keating
Ryan Giggs phoned Rhodri, 38, and the brothers are reconciling. Rhod
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island. On
Nicola Sturgeon has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead. She refused to rule
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel
Deputy sheriff Patrick O'Melia was on patrol near DeLand, Florida. He was
With 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck.
The checklist was part of a mission to test the Apollo missions. It shows the steps astronauts
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013. She was sentenced to 35
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting. He
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns. The religious devote
Steve and Theresa Devine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the
The 223ft Explorer is a superyacht designed by Tony Castro. It comes with its
Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after 'all hell broke loose'
Mary Day, 60, of Swanage in Dorset, pocketed £16,500
The white cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was caught on
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. Party also has commanding
Almost three quarters of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
Dave Hughes refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from the rare condition erythropoietic prot
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, were held over alleged 'ill
Study found over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to
Jake Castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his
Gunfights broke out in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the Rio Grande. Three suspected
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday
Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat with a permanent frown and moody disposition. The
Kent Sprouse was convicted of killing Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt, 28,
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to their gate.
Anna Foord, 30, of Elstree, Hertfordshire, convinced investors to
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he
New arrival's grandmother Carole has become a permanent fixture at the Norfolk home. In the
Reagan asked Gorbachev for his support in event of alien invasion. He repeated the warning
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, said that she has '
key is maintain balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out' Experts say it is
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m settlement with husband Charles. But
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European
Kieron Power, 54, was stopped after taking pictures of police cars. His wife had
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband Vili Fualaau, 31
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died in Fairdale, Illinois, last week when tornado hit
Audrey Pekin, 19, was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali. She
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges
Neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family for food. This is according to cuts
Glen Walford, 75, has been embroiled in legal battle with Worcestershire
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail
Dawn Williamson, 39, was cured of her crippling snake phobia today. She was given
Google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term '
Sulinh Lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the
Former Dane County, Wisconsin, deputy Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason
Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998. He was put
ComRes poll shows 71% of voters don't feel the need to know about politicians'
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in B
Jamie Pettingill threatened to cut off a schoolboy's face. The 26-year
Marie Surprenant was 8-months-old when she was adopted by her biological
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was seriously injured in an air strike in March. He
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving down Chili Avenue near Route 390 in Rochester. He dropped
Jack Mascitelli, 18, ran naked through Byron Bay to win a free ke
robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also
Corry 'eddy' Campbell, 21, was ringleader of the gang, dubbed
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be
Ranette Afonso, 42, was driving her car in Edmonton Green, London, in
Kyle Seitz, 37, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation
Jessica Brown, a high-risk nursery nurse, was driving her car on the I-
Jesus Salas Aguayo was arrested on Friday by Mexican authorities. He is known for
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban selfies. But he urged movie
Koral Reef, 20, was diagnosed with a brain-eating amoeba in
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem' Last year staff at eight
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Monday, April 13. Show reveals the extraordinary footage
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures
Temperatures in the South expected to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set
Incident occurred in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco. Cyclist yelled at
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on
Corey Edwards, five, was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was duped by her bigamist husband Andrew
Number of communications employees for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping take
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 on a German submarine and a private jet
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 to a temporary
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the girl into his house and raped her in 2009
Go Pro camera was found in a meadow in Gringelstad, Sweden. It
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren
Shanna McCormick, 31, weighed 28st and was in and out of hospital.
Jamelia, 34, said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after speaking out.
Snacking is an important way to control hunger, experts say. Snack Amnesiac
Lianna Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10
Stone tools were found buried in sediment near Lake Turkana in Kenya. Experts believe they were
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, Ron
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, has
Pictures were taken by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire. He combines his love of
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid
Gemma, 23, handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother.
Royal couple arrive at Lindo Wing ahead of the birth. Margaret Tyler, 71, is
Lalit Verma said to have launched furious assault on boy named aspure. Child complained
Amanda Knox was exonerated of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Italy in late March
Alexanderingeeau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice
Freekah, spiralizing and bone broth are the latest craze in healthy eating.
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman
Tori Spelling tripped and fell backwards onto a scorching hot grill at Benih
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has enjoyed meteoric success. Her blog
Greg Scott, 51, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just one day before he
Robert Menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison if convicted of eight bribery counts
Muslim Engagement and Development said to have boasted it can act as 'kingmakers' Group
Na Chu had just returned from a zoo trip when her grandmother locked her in. The five
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked a housemate. The
Ambrosio, 34, was treated at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles
Andy Jordan from Chelsea has been on holiday to Jamaica and Jamaica. The Made In Chelsea star
tabloid claims it handed images to police, who were 'delighted' But detectives insist
Aboriginal model Management Australia is changing the landscape of high fashion. The agency started off with just
Ashy Bines is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a hatred of Pennie Davis, 47, during her
The fortress at Zhangjiakou, in China's northern Hebei province, was
Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £1million for a hospice. Iron
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born in January, but have not been named. They
Viktoria's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father Barles Ch
The film is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the 'Star Wars
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chapelle with his wife and children. The family took
Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks. They recommend pairing wine with n
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, Mississippi. The
Luke Brett Moore, 27, was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in Swansea. He was bailed at 7pm
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the
Two boys, 12 and 13, threatened to set 12-year-old boy on fire
monkey unscrews lid of a water bottle and takes a drink in Bali, Indonesia
Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night. This after he
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap
Former PM John Howard was pictured with a flat tyre in Sydney. Felicity Waterford was
Governor Andrew Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island. The
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met Hungarian worker Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory in Cl
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013. He has completed
The Queen's Guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover.
Actor, 61, says church elders have 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material
Filmmaker Michael Kjerig from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the conflict. Each bullet cost approximately
Food hygiene inspectors found mouse droppings and rotting meat in the kitchen. Food including chicken,
Researchers in the US examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women. Half were given su
Ellia Beasley, 22, from New Milton, Hampshire, loved the song so much
Lord Macdonald QC said CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence against Lord Jan
ISIS militants smashed shrines and statues in Hatra, Iraq. Militants also smashed
Amanda Richards, a New York-based writer, says Lane Bryant's new I'm No
Sergeant Dan Urman was returning from Afghanistan when his father Eitan dropped a puck for them
Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC matches five falafels to different strains of weed
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County,
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of
Joanne Whitehouse applied for daughter Alice to go to same school. Her sons Joel,
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families. These days,
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'a blend of hydrophobic fibres
Dias Costa, 49, slashed face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
Lindsey Vonn made a guest appearance at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia
Airbnb rentals offer places that cater to all tastes. From the Atomic Age to Brit-pop
Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that England flags were for a'simple
The Sound of Music fans flock to Salzburg, Austria, to soak up the magic
Viewers have slammed Saturday Night Live for sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16
Hillary Clinton is holding her first low-key campaign event at Kirkwood Community College in rural
Jack Andraka grew up in suburban Maryland with his elder brother, Luke. He was
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead in Princess Anne, Maryland
Jack Rowe was found face down in family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett unveiled manifesto today. New policy pledges include £90 billion a year
18.5in husky Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross
New puppet show Newzoids features Prince George addressing a doctor. The 20-month-
Lisa Tuttle had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm. She had
Chris Roberts, a prominent security researcher, was stopped from boarding a flight from Colorado to San
The unnamed college student was caught drinking at Texas-based music festival Chilifest. She
Robert Gentile, 78, was arrested on a gun charge on Friday. His attorney said
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed kidney stones last year. The cause was
Figures released by Electoral Commission revealed Labour received £1.9m. It included a £
Emma Walker, 15, became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' She was admitted to
Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at hospital in severe pain in her abdomen.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and
The 22-year-old was on patrol in a public square in Guizhou province
The thief entered a Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire, on Thursday. He
Army-veteran William Snyder, 34, was charged hours after the body of his
Nic Newling, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder from the ages of 13 and 18.
Byron Schlenker and his teenage daughter Emily hold world records for having the widest female and
Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital last August. His parents were found in Spain
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament. Tournament organisers found
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called. He was taken
Jim Ratcliffe wants permission to build a 'carbon neutral' mansion overlooking the Solent.
The Lowenbrau Keller in Sydney's The Rocks has released a campaign featuring the slogan
Halifax survey found just four in 10 renters saving for deposit. Three quarters of UK renters also
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of charges. He is
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest
Kejonuma Leisure Land in Tohoku, Japan, was closed in 2000 due
Chicago judge cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin of involuntary manslaughter. Servin
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! The island lies
Teresa Sheldon, 38, has been charged with murder and attempted murder. She also faces a
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady
Officials in Florida are searching for two men in connection with the gang rape of a 19-
Patties Foods says no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' involves sucking in air vacuum. The method
ISIS claims responsibility for two car bombings in Baghdad that killed 27 people on Friday. The group
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College
Sigesbeckia is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. Professor
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30, say researchers. This increases the
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota.
Moya Gerber, 24, was travelling in her vehicle through Kruger National Park.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter crying over his physical appearance
Joseph Koetters, a former Marlborough School English teacher, is being sued by
Edward Snowden revealed he did not read all the top-secret documents he leaked. Former US
The driver, Sam Smith, filmed the encounter just a few hundred yards in front of him
Tesco sold its Gulfstream 550 worth around £30million last week. It was capable
Sam Holtz, 12, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN
Mark Carney was spotted running in London's Hyde Park. He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4
Maria McErlane and her old mucker Doon Mackichan were on holiday in
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with $500,000 in cash in VIP departure
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street. Denise Van
Weekend opening hours for GPs touted as one solution. It is thought many patients won't
Gaston Pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months at Guernsey's Royal
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can't walk down a
Microsoft has launched a pilot program to train people with autism for full-time positions. The
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, jailed for a total of
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire hitman to torture and kill Damian V
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he
British scientists spent 18 years developing the hands. They are each governed by 24 motors, 26
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the
Tory London Mayor warned against SNP dominate of UK government. Said it would be like 'asking
Two children have died after a minivan they were playing in caught fire and exploded. The
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in jeans. Eighty
Sisonke Msimang has written a book about Australia's racist attitudes. She says
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's now-iconic souped-up van made an appearance
Kit Harington, 28, poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses. He told Seth
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, was so obsessed with her weight
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her. She
Family of one suspect warned they were losing their son to Islamic State recruiters. Sevdet
The 20lb lamb is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
Russia gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, has come up with a trick to help his baby
The long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals ever to walk the Earth.
Prime Minister and his deputy superimposed over London rapper Plan B. Miliband was accompanied by the
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations. It works by
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had yellow fever vaccine in Greece. He was warned it
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters after starting the day four shots off
Nicola Sturgeon left open the possibility of a second referendum on Scottish independence. Scottish nationalists insisted it
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers. They are promoting digital services in a bid
The Queen, 88, was spotted riding her Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She
Hillary Clinton told Buzzfeed that three of her maternal grandparents were born in the U.S
Edward Snowden is being 'exploited' under deal, spy analyst claims. Former US
Hodor is a character who is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive
Jeremy Clarkson made bizarre joke at charity auction in Cotswolds. He said: '
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its fifth series.
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition. She
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake her sisters as the most talked about member of her famous
archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the
Child from Memphis, Tennessee, has amassed thousands of Twitter followers with pictures of 'gang life
Wellington College in Berkshire has apologised for the error. Staff changed a text on a spreadsheet without
The caves, found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles south of the regional capital
Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday in Rome. The billionaire founder of Amazon was snapped
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday. He is accused of
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. Police are now investigating claims
The Justice Department announced Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray
Tourists offered chance to spot and sleep near Siberian tiger. £3,500 trip offers
Asif Malik, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their children Zoha,
Billie Jean King co-chair Lesalian4Hillary campaign. Clinton was a lesbian in
Trevor Noah was photographed with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick
Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from St Cloud, Florida,
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on
Two prototypes of thesteG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off
The former President says he is 'not mad' at anybody and plans to stay out of
SpaceX launched its Dragon capsule at 4.10pm from Florida. The booster landed on an
Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like Walford's Martin Fowler. Liz
I Am Jazz is a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl
Chinese feminist activists detained by police for more than a month. They face being jailed for up
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized
Chancellor refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if Conservatives win second term. Chancellor said
Nineties style is hot right now, but it's made a comeback with a new range
At least six men were arrested in Minnesota and California on Sunday after a joint terrorism task force
Bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, came up with
Bab al-Aziziya was once a symbol of the Gaddafi era. It was destroyed
FBI director James Comey said Poland played a role in Nazi Germany's genocide of six million Jews
The six men have been charged with conspiring to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire. The clip
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing Ron Lane, 44,
threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport received
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqu
Barry McCarthy killed his ex-wife Lorna McCarthy last September. The couple had been
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace. Hughes,
Alix Bussey, 23, was hit by a car as she was heading home from
Four tourists caught a bronzer shark in New Zealand. They are dragged into the water by
Alan Grayson and his wife Lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage.
Nadine, 28, and Coleen, 29, have joined forces with Race for Life
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted. Of 303 Tory seats
Prevention of Terrorism Act allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists. It also allows authorities to apply for
Number of people in work up by more than half a million in past year. Number of
The fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed, has been showing off his new pet on social
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home. This
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child
Lord Janner, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia. Crown
Sam Pearce, 24, is a fourth-grader at Brown University in Massachusetts. He
Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney. A 22-year
Google claims its latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20
Molalla Log House was built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark
sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and anti-inflammatory. As a result they can
Germfalcon uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout cabin. It covers tray tables,
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS
Captain Robert Lewis wrote a letter following the bombing which revealed his guilt. He said: '
Passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane. Starting a plane is
Aaron Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners. He is being held at the Souza
Former Marine Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox. Wilcox,
Stephen Robinson, 44, from Merseyside, spoke for first time since sister's murder
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 hopefuls to land modelling contract. Train
Almost all family doctors polled do not think their own practice should open on weekends. Nearly two
Chipworks site posted amazing image of internals of Galaxy S6. Reveals Samsung used
Hospital in Zhengzhou, China, is being moved just eight metres a day on 1,
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage at Bocca East during
Fast car sequel Furious 7 is now seven on the all-time list of highest grossing
Ukip leader said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital
University of Maryland researchers found peanut flour stimulate the growth of bacteria. Four peanut flour made from
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. The
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop
Peter O'Toole was pictured laughing and joking with cast members on set. The film
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. One man used his
Supermarket customers in France can add airline tickets to their shopping lists thanks to a unique promotion
Research suggests certain types of music can bring out different flavours. Nessun Dorma,
Anna Ragin, 65, was found dead in her Richmond, California home. Her body
Midsomer Murders is to have its first regular Asian character in its 18th series
Joseph O'Ri Ri grew suspicious of his wife of ten years Amanda, 47,
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her husband Robert Ellis. The 60-
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Blackpool corner
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting
Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the arrow removal operation at a bird and
Carolyn Ross was facing a dilemma over how to transport $30,000 worth of meth.
Andrew Anderson, 43, cleared of assaulting Julie McGoldrick, 53, at Tesco
American Pie was hand-written by a young folk singer in 1971. Don McLean's
Study by Pew Research Centre questioned 1,Ev children aged 13 and 17. It found that
Personal advisor Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer. The
Migrants arriving in the UK will be banned from receiving handouts. They will have to
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work. She
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North
Thabo Sefolosha and teammate Pero Antichal were both arrested for obstruct
Amazon has won approval to test its new delivery drone outdoors. The company must supply monthly data
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to honeybees. They pick
Arnhem TV station lost drone after chimpanzee knocked it out of the sky. The incident
The drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims
Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad said fire could be linked. John O'Connor
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, north of Astana. It captures
20,000 children passed GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is a married father and a self-made self-made billionaire
Dustin Wayne South, 32, died Wednesday night in Louisville, Kentucky. He was seen walking
Fred Hatch, 76, was brutally beaten with claw hammer by neighbour Alan Rogers, 73.
Girl, 15, was airlifted to hospital last night from Blue Dolphin camping site.
Madonna French kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night. The 56-year-
Footage shows the moment a sandstorm sweeps over Belarus. The storm was caused by a
Jane Horrocks took a road trip from San Francisco to Los Angeles. The California route
James Koryor, 41, was arrested in connection to the death of his two-
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010.
Scientists at Jyväskylä University in Finland have long suspected eye-sp
The former Olympian, 65, will speak out in a 'far-ranging' interview
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth to a baby girl at her sister's flat in
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman were alerted when Felix was found. The two-year-
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in Dubai. They
The Cheltenham office is the HQ of global toy company Becker Toys. The office includes
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first
Michael Rogan, 42, was driving his pregnant wife Niki to hospital for the birth
John Dickerson, 78, announced as the new host of Face the Nation on Sunday.
Researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of TB. They found that they all came from
Chris Brugger, 35, has relapsed Hodgkin's Lymphoma and needs Brent
A gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street' She said
Aaron Taylor Johnson, 24, met wife Sam, 42, on the set of Nowhere
Beverley Davis, 35, was supposed to be caring for Ray Warren, 89. But
Nicola Sturgeon said she would work with Ed Miliband's left-wing backbenchers. SNP
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed their house into a castle complete with a rooftop bath
Starkey says women are of average intelligence and men are'very bright or very thick'
Maglev trains hit 375mph (Ask km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. Those who have lost both
Debenhams and David's Bridal are two of the most popular wedding dress vendors
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track
Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing common assault charges. The former Playboy model allegedly
Brock Guzman, 8, was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern
Toby the tortoise escaped from Wendy Stokes' garden 11 months ago. He was taken
Adam Leheup, 34, denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
Steve Webb has urged people to take their time and not make rash decisions. He said over
Albert Roux has been dining a string of blondes since divorce. He is said to
An endobronchial ultrasound tube (BEUS) allows doctors to see inside the
Jeremy Hunt promised crackdown if Conservatives are re-elected. He said 'off-payroll
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition. At
Amanda Lamb, 42, poses in lush flower arrangements for new fragrance. The TV presenter says
Steven Nelms penned an essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband in San
Nicola Sturgeon, 44, has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-1 on Tuesday night.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed
Secretary of State Clinton arrived at Capitol City Fruit in Norwalk, Iowa on Tuesday. A
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, has previously suffered two heart attacks. The veteran
Next has overtaken the company on profits, but is still in the top five. The
Ryan Heritage, 18, from Wiltshire, posted message on Trowbridge police's
Paula Dunican spent £25 on baby blue coat at her local store in Canterbury. But
Liz Norden's sons JP and Paul were killed in the Boston Marathon bombing. They were
Julie McKenzie, 53, went to GP after nagging back pain. Was referred for X
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
87-year-old woman caused disturbance on board flight from Germany. Plane was diverted 600
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a student at the University of South Carolina. She learned to
Crystal clear waters reveal wrecks of ships that succumbed to the perils of Lake Michigan.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-M
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk. She is seen
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with
Charles Barnhoorn took nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug. He was found
Sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. Schultz thought
Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans. Among the new signatories
John Truong agreed to babysit Ronnie Tran, 2, on Tuesday night. His
The sleepy squirrel was taking a nap on a coconut leaf in Bengaluru, India. He
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly hacked into teacher's computer in Holiday, Florida.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003,
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste. He
Autopsy revealed that the Oscar-winning actor had Lewy body dementia. Autopsy revealed
Peter Sutcliffe is to be moved to a low-security Priory unit, it has
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
Kanye West, 37, cover Paper magazine's April issue. In an essay, he discussed
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested in 2005. Sukumaran has put
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is now a hit in Hollywood. The brand is loved by the likes
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings and antiques from the Countess of Bathurst. 58-
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend'
John Allan said David Cameron's promise'means the cart is very firmly before the horse'
Danny Alexander pictured drinking with Brooke Magnanti at the Nip festival. But scandalmongers
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their baby boy Hudson were crushed to death on Monday morning. The
Man, in his 20s, was hit by Northern line train at Stockwell station.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have posted pictures of themselves yoga poses
Duke of York made first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out. He was visiting paint
The Clinton Foundation will continue to accept donations from foreign governments despite the risk of a conflict of
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is undergoing surgery in Thailand. The
AleXsandro Palombo is an Italian activist and artist. He asked women to share
The plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning. But autopilot ignored the pilot
Lianna Barrientos, 39, has been married ten times. Her first marriage
Six people have been killed in the violent protests in South Africa. Around 200 protesters shouted that
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland. She
Evan Summerfield, four months, was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court
Bobby Moore's granddaughter Poppy Moore married Sam Myers yesterday. The 23-year-old
The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or
Fan scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence during practice. He then climbed on to the
Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to New Zealand. Lib Dems prefer to
Hillary Clinton sat down with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire
Esther McVey demands Ed Miliband condemns'scurrilous' campaign. employment minister
Jessica, 29, is face of Ann Summers' swimwear and beachwear campaign. Is
Julian John visits intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of the spectacular
Adele Sarno, 85, received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers as a bridge across Sinclair Inlet
Army Major John Jackson and his wife Carolyn Jackson are currently on trial for abusing their three foster
IKEA has banned Chinese shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas. The
The band were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964. The document related to a
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two back operations after a slipped disc. She told
The Valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold
Joyce Tabram, 82, was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he 'liked' one of her
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a
Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was diagnosed with spastic dipleg
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal' Inquest
A man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence offences. The offences include rape,
Former Blackwater guards Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were each sentenced to 30
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, accused of stabbing wife of ten years, 47
Archaeologists found human bones in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them
Double Falsehood was presented by Lewis Theobald in the 18th century. He mounted
The annual Easter parade was held on Sunday afternoon in Manhattan.
Aaronessa Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her
PM said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of poll.
Western diets and emphasis on sterile, germ-free food make us more likely to allergies,
Carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be used to produce the fizz in Cola
Josh Darnbrough, 24, was passed out at a friend's party in Moss
Maryland police have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor
A fed up resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after marriage to first Gambian wife broke
Direct Marketing Commission said it would be investigating two firms. It confirmed it was ‘form
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. The property was
Larry Kramer, 79, says that in his two part book 'The American People,' the
Elspeth McKendrick was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2012. The
Ben Smyman, 19, has Down syndrome and has been waiting for a spot on his
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was spotted by a witness running naked through a neighborhood calling himself
Laura Wells, from New York, revealed her'skinnier' roommate's diet.
Today marks 81 years since the 'Surgeon's Photograph' was published. The image was
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific murder of Maureen
Boston Red Sox defeated the Yankees 6 - 5 in 19 innings at Yankee Stadium. Game was
Five highest-earning dentists paid average salaries of £690,000 a year.
Malawian police have been told to shoot anyone caught selling body parts. Police also told
Irina Shayk, 29, stars in Linda Farrow campaign for eyewear.
Game was on Amazon and Android platforms after complaints. Game was available to download but has now
Ryanair and Aer Lingus have reignited their feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adaw
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and Mark Titch were convicted in 1977 after committing
Callum Ryan, 21, is running eight marathons in eight states and territories.
Australian and Malaysian officials have expanded the search zone. The expanded search area could go on for
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital after her home was cleared. The 92-year
President Obama met the world-class sprinter in a signature pose. Obama asked the six
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, is a former security guard. He has
Tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by-election.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher
Pictures show bear being chained to tree and attacked by dogs. Contest is held in the forests
The Oscar-winning actress, 69, said she was in her prime age-wise in
Jennifer Lopez wore a dress at the 2000 Grammy Awards. The dress caught the attention of Google
Danielle Davis says doctors told her they would have pulled the plug on her husband Brian in 2011
Man was caught on video trying to enter restricted area at Pearson Airport. He refused to abide
Created by artist Paul Erard in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland.
Sarah Stage, 30, welcomed a healthy baby boy named James Hunter on Tuesday. The model
Video shows fireman Xu Weiguo grabbing the woman's arm. She was trying to
Sky turned red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia. The scary
Sharpton slammed report that family wanted him to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' He
Discovery is boost for finding alien organisms in our solar system. Discovery suggests conditions that spawned life
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park in Hary
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations in Landford, Essex. It is
The Random Darknet Shopper was designed as an online shopping system. It bought a number
New study shows you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as Alzheimer's
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State. He was appearing on
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday. Another three
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning. He
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
sandstorm swept through Saudi Arabia, Oman and the UAE over seven days. The sandstorm
David and Samantha Cameron joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara. The couple
Researchers examining the tracks found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, have found a total of
HBO has warned internet users they will deactivatepected accounts on April 21. Tens of thousands
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his Bolton flat. The father-of
Astronomers say 'rogue' planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-ter
Mountain lion P-22 left Los Feliz home at 9.28am on Tuesday.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her daughter.
Kelly Ripa, 44, looked morose as she left her NYC apartment on Tuesday.
Jihadi fighters have been bringing fast food across the Turkish border. Images show Burger King,
New study was created by independent political magazine Mother Jones. It determined the yearly total of direct
Peggy Siegal said Academy did not want to send a dark message about the US to be
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was sectioned under Mental Health Act. He was arrested
British scientists have already applied to patent the therapy. It would boost the production of immune cells
Number of fake tan bottles sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter. The product used to
Beatrice Tollman made donation of £20,000 to the Tories earlier this month.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be
Duchess of Cornwall, 67, is loved by 50 per cent of Britons. Prince Charles is
William Brockie, the father of the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band Gorman
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother
Prime Minister David Cameron said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays'
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and
Jameela Jamil, 29, thought she had lupus, an auto-
Annah Sophia Stevenson took three bites of her burger for her son and daughter. She was
Kyle Major, 14, followed his victim and punched him in the back of the head.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have launched their own film production company called The Doll House Collective
Shinjiro Kumagai is a clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitaky
Eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium ironurities battery to store energy. This energy
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy
JW Marriott Houston hired American designer, David Peck, for its uniform overhaul. The Park
Doug Hughes, 61, landed a gyrocopter on the Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance
The Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880. The first
Chanel, 19, says she is terrified of getting old and developing extra loose skin.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Alaska Airlines Flight sulphur bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle
Two 'unemployed rich kids' caused outrage in central Beijing after causing major traffic accident.
Players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria. Syrian Journey often leads to players dying
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, made comment at hustings event. She said wearing
Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day and retains something of its European flavour. The
Shadow chancellor said standards have fallen in past five years. Labour said by 2020 millions more will
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319. win
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, hanged himself at his Miami mansion on Sunday. Cor
Daniel Miliband, five, wades into row about 'two kitchens' in his London home
The 30-year-old model from Los Angeles had come under fire for posting a string
Prince Harry visited the township of Wuggubun in Western Australia. He was in the
Greece has demanded more than £200billion in compensation from Germany. The demand comes just days
UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks. She has
The Wholeplot Farm, which costs £13.50, is the creation of chef Sam
The 16-page manuscript and lyrics for the anthem is expected to fetch up to $1
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, took Spice, a mix of herbs
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented
Victoria Beckham shared a picture of her husband David sporting grey hairs. The silver fox is a
Researchers analysed medical records of nearly two million people. Those who were overweight had 18% lower
Teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at
Henthorn was charged with the murder of his first wife, Lynn Rishell,
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, killed his wife Cicera Alves de Sena
NHS handed out urinal, toothpaste, Calpol, Vaseline, Strepsils
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December when
A 4-foot-tall bust of the infamous NSA whistle-blower was unveiled in
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the
The family of Martin Richard, eight, who lost his life in the blast, headed to
Fast-casual chain Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody. Costa
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court holding hands with his partner Herminia Garcia. She is
Kevin Dixon, 35, of Newsome, took his friend's Akita-type dog
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield
Scott Kemery, 44, set himself on fire in the parking lot of the King K
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulyss
Kelly Kreth, 44, has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina,
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover. He opens the door without even
Pensioner Alan Roberts complained about lack of action over fly-tipping. Ben Grower
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into
White female student was pictured in a Snapchat photo detailing what happened to USC WiFi. Her reasons
Dustin Scott, 16, was killed early on Sunday in New Haven, Connecticut. He was
Cadbury's Fingers contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. They join PG Tips
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, was born Bradley Cooper in 1994. At 16
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on
Stoke's Charlie Adam stunned the Chelsea home crowd with a breathtaking 66-yard strike. The
Royal commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse hears of abuse at Neerkol
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a
The Queen, 89, is celebrating her birthday at Newbury Racecourse. Prince William described
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program. He is
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins to their family. Floyd-Henry has Achond
Stephanie Flanders broke silence over her fling with Ed Miliband. She said: 'We
Margaret Hesketh went to Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan. She had
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California.
Andrea Dossena was arrested at Harrods on suspicion of shoplifting. The 33
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel. Joe Twy
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can't walk down a
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car
Tumblr blogifics funny facts to kickstart a chat.
Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in battery experts
Emma Watson turns 25 today. She has been a global icon since she took on Harry Potter
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening
Father, Cooperation Miranda, 38, and his two children, aged 8 and 2, were
Joanna Flynn, 50, was arrested on Thursday for allegedly switching off a life support machine
Massachusetts police Department came under attack by criminals. They infected their network with a form of Internet
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her neighbours' noise. She said the deaf
Tokyo's Narita Airport installed tracks in its new Terminal 3. The tracks were designed to
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. RSPCA rescued
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands. Experts found
Brendan Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of leaving a house in Accrington
Samantha Cameron, 43, loves the American rock group Poliça. The four-piece
Henry Howes, 4, got stuck in the machine at the Snowdome in Tam
With simple and sensible tricks, you can make your blooms last longer. From spraying them
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to his ex. He
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden. It found
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen. He is being investigated
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West arrived in Jerusalem on Monday. The family visited the Armenian St
44-year-old man from Oldham complained about the weather in Algeria. He had
Woman allegedly claimed to be related to victim of Germanwings flight. Police are investigating whether she
Jared Quirk, 18, was walking with friends in Athens, Greece. He fell to
Angela Morales was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born
Angela Ahrendts said Apple Watches were only taking orders online 'in April' This
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit. He said:
Officials in Buzim, north west Bosnia, say their home should be known as the
Teenager flushes kitten's head in the toilet while high on super-strength cannabis.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year. Almost one in 20 of
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol. 43-
The 918 Spyder is driven by professional race car driver Craig Baird. Baird switches the
Stephanie Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. She
Elephants often seen travelling single file, using their trunk to hold onto another mammal�
The items were from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton. The
Warning sign erected outside Cambridge University building. But it contains grammatical errors, one expert says
Letizia, 42, was attending Woman Awards at Madrid Casino. Was wearing backless
Aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third. Tesco still
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday that he'll
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She
Video shows a militia of female jihadis firing machine guns. Women are fully veiled, making
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found dead in a home in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Mohammed Emwazi, now known as Jihadi John, was to join al-Sh
Headmaster David Mulford sent an email to parents and students on Monday ahead of a pending
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, of Vermont, are accusing All
Mackenzie Moretter, 10, of Shakopee, Minnesota, told her parents
French photographer Floriane de Lassee has been photographing cities for 10 years. She has
Richard Graham is fighting to retain marginal seat of Gloucester. He faces contempt of court proceedings
Medicalprise Dogs found dogs can detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy. Research was carried
Teresa Swarbrick drowned in a 'freak' snorkelling accident on
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants. Police fired
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S later this year. This is in
Rebecca Sedwick, 12, leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia.
Three men accused of being Assad agents executed in Syria. The men were filmed barefoot and
Britain's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible. But it is believed
Claudetteia Love, a senior at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, will skip her
Noelle Reno is the former fiancee of businessman Scot Young. The 31-year-
People with RBD move around during the rapid eye movement period of sleep. This is when
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her
Two men were caught on camera trying to break into a Wigan jewellers. They
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Sidonie, a well-known band from Catalonia, composed the song on a recent
Julie Walters, 49, jailed for two and a half years after posing as a council w
The A-list celebrities have tried-and-tested techniques on getting dressed. They all
Holidaymakers watched as a flaming cannonball was fired from a trebuchet. The
The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta. The flight was to celebrate the marriage of
Todd Phillips, 40, was hit at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers
Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine. J jellyfish have been
Puren was youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi. He ruled for four
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel
Dr. Michael Davidson was shot dead at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital January 20.
British fighter Hamza Parvez, 22, has been living with a group of unmarried fighters
Chinese people celebrated the Qingming Festival, which marks the start of spring. Families travelled home
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said party cannot 'get rid' of nuke deterrent. He
Miliband's party has jumped to 35%, up one point from last month. Tories remain stuck
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a
First president to visit Jamaica in three decades. Obama visited the Bob Marley museum in Kingston
Chrissy Teigen praised for posting picture of herself with stretch marks. The singer also hit
The HMAS Choules is a navy landing ship currently on stand-by off the coast
Liam Dawe, 21, was born healthy but suffered serious health complications. He died at
McDonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption. He was convicted in September
Anti-Islam protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Federation Square. Two people were
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties. Union claims they
Four officers took down and restrained a man at Hyde Park entrance. They were just yards from
UK is one of only five countries to meet target of spending 0.7% of national
Dylan Lauren welcomed fraternal twins on Monday via a surrogate. The 40-year-old
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon,
Almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean over the weekend. Italy is the first
Even Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner are at risk of contracting diseases like flu, Norovirus
Google Wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds. This is good news
Foreign-born blacks account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population in the US
Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial HBO's 'Going
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by
Families of the dead are left devastated by the gruesome discovery. Families have been left wondering what
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago
Afzal Khan is accused of conning customers and financial firms. The 32-year
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend. He
Girl, 6, sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground. But police
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia justified in deporting 45-year-old man.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlet, 47,
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, attacked his 92-year-old mother at her house
Raheem Sterling was apparently inhaling nitrous oxide from balloons. The Liverpool and England
Levar Jones, 36, was pulled over for a suspected seatbelt violation. Officer Sean
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's in Coventry.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice'
Annabel Karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating veg
Alison Saunders faced growing calls to stand down as head of Public Prosecutions. Campaigners
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans. He is concerned that
Russell Brand has urged his fans to sign up to the mercy campaign. Andrew Chan and My
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge. Victory is their third in the 161st
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect. The
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they
The high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his
10 San Bernardino County deputies placed on paid leave after shocking video. In clip, Francis P
Churchill Downs in Kentucky has banned selfie sticks by attendees. The track hosts the Kentucky Derby on
Catalina Viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms. Spanish artist, 31, paints
Robert De Niro, 71, said Hillary Clinton should be president. Hollywood legend said she
counterfeit gang jailed after selling fake Viagra pills to world customers. UK-wide conspiracy offered
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government. She is a
Radiance pads are new generation of wipes that remove eyeliner and mascara. They also re
Syrian-born Abdul Hadi Arwani lured to an upmarket street in London.
Britt McHenry, 28, of Washington D.C., has been suspended from ESPN for
Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists would target Charles. The targets of the operation were nationalist groups.
Swastika and word'scum' were sprayed on window of offices in Aberdeen.
Birmingham officers responded to a call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street
Lawrenuity is a rare radioactive element that is difficult to make and only exists for a
The Eco Experts used World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia
Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in a hit
Yale University researchers have revealed the patterns in sentence structure across the US. They have created a
Ryan Skivington, 26, from Staining near Blackpool, killed the pets.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested at the border near San Diego on
Amanda Butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Call
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan. Rihanna
Rupert Brooke became famous for the rest of his life after his death. His poem The Soldier
The map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite
Kevin and Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more
Sarah Hulbert, 59, claims she was treated differently from male co-workers during
The Mail on Sunday set a new record with a hat-trick in the prestigious London
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton. He put on
The youngster's mother left the stroller in the lobby of their building. Prince George's
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown
Trinity Culley, 10, gained vital tips from baby-birthing programme. She
Providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, named best island in world by
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing flawless locks and honed physique. Is also showcasing
Images show two spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties. The Dawn probe captured the
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with aquagenic urticaria. Condition is
Three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from Taliban fighters. They are then pushed
Staff spotted the family of ducks trying to cross the busy high street. They followed them back
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, India. The virus
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits together. They were
figurine Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013. She sued
Primatologists have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus
Scientists in China have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells. They say even embryos created in this
Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts. It is already possible to
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev
Ruben Costa pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer. He was only handed a two
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, was a member of the Ocala Police Department since
Avril Lavigne, 30, was diagnosed with Lyme disease in early April. The singer
The newly-opened Maison Souquet is a more provocative hotel in the City of Lights
discount chain Aldi now has a bigger market share than Waitrose. It has won an
Chrissy Teigen, 29, posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram. The
Proposal put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland. It says more action is needed to
Gabrielle Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000
Natalia Moon is a 23-year-old from Darwin in the Philippines. She moved
Princess Eugenie, 25, wore a black mini dress and a black leather coat.
Students at St Peter's College in Melbourne were drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University in Georgia. She was
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued thatfile a 40-acre plot of
Fantasy Café in Hangzhou is one of the first in China to charge air purifier.
Lib Dem leader promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction. cuts to welfare and
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He
Residents living near the new setting for Benefits Street have been left outraged. housing bosses have given
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee. Kirkland's charity work
Tabitha Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to fight the girl. She is accused of
Mountain bikers were pictured leap over huge rocks at Portland Rock, off the coast of We
How to Be a Young Billionaire follows three young British adults. Robyn, 28,
Four Louisiana State University frat boys were busted Monday on the I-10 in Mobile County
Mikenzy Snell and her best friend Matt Pliska, who has Down syndrome
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality. She was fined
Sharky Jama has been confirmed dead on SBS Radio. The Melbourne man's father,
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with
Glenn Ford was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release from prison last year. He
Police found a body in Cocoparra National Park on Friday night. They believe it
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920. The country's stunning waterfalls
Tulip Siddiq was at Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh.
Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for at least another year
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has defended collating the Sony hack into one searchable database. The
Paul Allen unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace' which will look after the space programs of Strat
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed jokes have to go through 'quite
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled world with girlfriend Gaynor God
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet. He even
Daisy, 26, is the ultimate rock chick in Rodial's contouring range. W
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people. The site
Rodney Todd was raising his children after divorcing their mother in November. The 36-year
Princess Beatrice was spotted at the Bahrain Grand Prix, according to onlooker. The 26
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting collaborative robot
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mom Sharon in Lisa Erspamer's new book
Marcia Eisenhour was a judge for Weber County, Utah, from 1984 until 2010.
Victorino Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital. He is
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore
Lee Thompson is a flashpacking tour company based in Vietnam. He has seen plenty of photos
Claudia Martins, 33, found towels soaked in blood and baby's body. She hid
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with distorted face when she was visited by grandson. Nurs
The winning Oz Lotto entry was purchased from Mittagong Newsagency, 4 Princess Street
Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back. The 90-year
Gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of
Gang of teens went on rampage through La Marina Auto Sales in Dearborn Heights. They destroyed
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is facing 94 sex-related charges. He is accused of
Vijaya Gadde said Twitter had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' She said
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they
Annette Edwards holds the world record for giant rabbit-breeding. Her son Jeff is already
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine was directing school buses on US 90 near New Orleans
Fiona Cullum provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James. They were hunted
Megan Huntsman, 40, admitted killing six babies and stashing their bodies in garage of
Zeus, a German Shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday. The
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley's parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'
Marianne is given the tuning fork facial treatment at Hale Clinic in London. The £17
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' He said
Two planes begin their descent simultaneously at San Francisco Airport. The planes, one American Airlines,
Godfrey Elfwick appeared on the BBC World Service programme. He said the films were anti
German Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children. Her story
Pest control company Mortein has apologised for the picture. The post was shared by
Matt Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City and it ended up in the ends
Kola fireball shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in October last year. Scientists used
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic Grateful arrows, plus
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old caseworker
Mal Imam Grant was sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevy Impala
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She
Deputy PM said control of Department for Education would be key demand. Clegg said he wanted
Kelly Nash, 25, went missing from his Georgia home January 5. He woke up coughing
Humans of New York photographer Brandon Stanton shared his photo of a NY resident whose name is Beyon
Yaakov Naumi grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Israel. He has revealed
Bernard, 53, is the first gay man to serve in the White House social secretary.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according
Chris Roberts of One World Labs was grabbed after his plane landed in Syracuse. FBI agents took
Cle 'onymous' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's
Study found women ask for £4,000 less for a typical job. This widens
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, is honorary president of the far-right Front National
Frozen salt and vinegar crisp is a great way of preserving foods. But it can also boost
Loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website HowHe
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature in March in Alabama. His mom put his photo on Facebook
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton,
Nasa's Messenger spacecraft is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury. Nasa
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed in 2007 when a 20-foot tree fell on
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets. He'inviting the
Jake Boys, 19, booked tickets to see One Direction play in Cardiff. But he booked
Lawrence Tynes is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in
Sir David Nicholson says all main parties must back NHS Five-year plan. David Cameron and
The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappa
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, allegedly touched the nurses in 2013. Nurse A said
cross-dressing man entered Watervale service station in Victoria. He was dressed as
Rev Richard Coles sits on board of Wellingborough Homes in Northamptonshire
Scientists have long known that there is water in the form of ice on Mars. New information
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his
Study found that just one extra meal out a week can raise the odds of having pre-
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics. He was knocked out in the
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million
Kevin Morton gave his son Kye a morphine tablet when he was feeling ill. The boy
Jane Doe was found dead in a wooded area in Volusia County in 1990.
Motorola's Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 on 20 April.
Amir Khan posted pictures of his car on Snapchat while driving in California. The boxer was driving
Dominika Petrinova, 27, was furious after Erik Meldik posted the video
Duli Hembrom, 13, wrote to the principal of Milan mischiefi U
MailOnline looks at the world's most unusual hotel amenities. At over 50 locations, staff
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode. Nick Hewer
Coalition agreement is equivalent to introducing new law for every working day. But research shows the Government
The GR20 hiking trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica. The trail is the
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Xavier Morales, her boss, in
Pain and Gain report shows record-breaking profits on homes. Sydney recorded lowest loss-making
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Fors
Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English, maths and science. This is amid
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted to Mumbai's main airport twice on same day. The plane
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world. Experts have said climate
Holder said the department's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or
Nick Clegg will today promise the highest education spending of any party. Lib Dems will vow
The typed dispatch was sent by Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945. It told
The virulent virus has been found at a farm in Iowa, where it has killed nearly
Richard Johnson and his wife stayed on the island for more than 2,000 years. The
Irish student, 22, said she kneed Jason Lee, 38, in the groin.
Michelle Obama told Rachael Ray that the Secret Service provided her with around-the-
Sofinar Gourian fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts
ARTY has launched a raft of 'enhanced' H20s. The water is
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxx
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested at around 10:30am Thursday at The Polo Lounge
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham
Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' She
An account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning. The tweet
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft and landed on her head in a cotton
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously said she was forced
Chelsy Davy, 29, wore a chic beige blazer and ripped jeans.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall. It
The 26,000-square-foot castle was built of ranch homes glued together by a
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated he has to change channel. Says
New products promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays. Others say
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving
Up to 100 teachers could be banned from working in schools for life. Allegations include claims
Josephine Witt, 21, threw paper at ECB President Mario Draghi. She was taken
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency. The only food
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the Bogan Shire Council in western
The coffee drinking scene is continuing to grow in Britain. baristas and cafe owners are putting
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a London satanic
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running deficit. The International Monetary Fund said the state
City watchdog has predicted just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following
Vincent Cianni, 63, documented the stories of gay soldiers in a moving photo essay
Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux,
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays. She was in the city to
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses. She says
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case. She
The Norfolk Southern train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton
UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - the strongest in the
Anthony Mann, 78, was spared jail after killing his wife Janet, 78. He was
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, is due to give birth
Trevor Brooks is associate of firebrand Anjem Choudary. Home Office letter says
Ed Miliband and four other party leaders will debate at 8pm tonight. Labour leader says David
Queensland Police mistakenly thought it was a harmless python. The two-metre snake could pose
150 people died in Germanwings air disaster in Cologne, France, today. Cardinal Rainer
Burger King has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes
Bobbi Gordon, a zoo worker, was shocked when she became a surrogate mother to a
William Beggs, 54, is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering
Only 50 per cent of people know who led British forces in the battle. One in seven
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer
Page Six claimed Bobby Flay, 50, has been having an affair with his assistant Ely
There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits containing cann
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how the Tory leader reversed the greying
Number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 compared with 141 in 2013. In
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition. Condition
Gang were believed to have been inspired by similar robberies in LA in 1980s. Scotland Yard
Experts say women are abandoning traditional jewel in favour of exotic gems. Huge increase in demand for
The Hague is a hidden gem of a city, but is also a hidden gem of a
Walter Scott, 50, was driving to his home in North Charleston, South Carolina for a
Rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Amanda Curtis snapped the
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips of imagery
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into
Ford unveiled its £260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in Milan. The car
Girl attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California. Threats made to her
Pippa Middleton, 31, said she ate whale at Juvet Landscape Hotel
Nick Weller spotted two girls fighting outside Roches Family Hotel in Grafton. He
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, was inspired to create her documentary The R-
France has passed laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in fashion. The law requires a
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered
Khadijah Dare, 22, is notorious for threatening to behead a Westerner.
A passenger was seriously injured after the car smashed into a tree in North Brighton. The 1991
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 8, were last seen on March
Ministry of Justice reveals the 39 criminals on the run from Ford Open Prison. Murderer Robert
Ed Miliband announced non-domicile status on Wednesday. But it later emerged he is
Actor Robert Hardy is selling his collection of items at auction. The 89-year-old
Joshua Van Ha catchy, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested at O'H
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's
Dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside. Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett,
Ministry of Defence 1 was a top-secret weapons laboratory set up in 1939. Winston Churchill
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued relationship with Leighann Duffy, 26, court told.
French air traffic controllers have called off strike action. Workers have been striking against government spending cuts
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumb
Mohamed Badie and 13 others were handed their sentences as 37 people were jailed. They were
Visitors to Dornoch's golf course or historic cathedral pointed towards abattoir. But
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable, Massachusetts was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from
House Oversight Committee on Oversight and Government Reform held hearing on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations. hearing
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer in the U.S.
PM said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by Philip Kirby. He was jailed
Lorenzo Simon, 34, murdered Michael Spalding, 39, at his flat in Birmingham
Russian president said Russia has key interests in common with the U.S. and needs to
Kenneth Ward, 67, jailed for five years in 2011 after exposing himself to Farmer. M
Soldiers were buried in a field near Belgium in October 1914. They were laid to rest in
Local Government Association accused drink firms of 'dragging their heels' Cranberry Classic juice drink
The Oshun Cafe in Soho, London, will serve four types of berry bowls
Rosemary Taylor fired from City of Brookhaven after incident. She allegedly stopped photo shoot with
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on identity theft charges on Thursday. Helicopter
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 in Alabama. He was born with no nasal
Robert Bates, 73, is on $25,000 bond after being charged with second-
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft
Labour leader's cousin Mike Keen is 'officially confused' about policy. Mr Miliband said
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size. Results were based on studies where the penis had
French diners have previously described doggy bags as 'embarrassing' But one MP
Kenyan elite troops called in to aid in pre-dawn attack on Garissa University.
David Cameron was speaking in a peculiar building on the city’s outskirts. He was
Robert Durst, 31, is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World
Turia Pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body in 2011. She was pulled
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Forceratch is already predicted to rake in a global $
Robert Penny, 83, is in custody after facing court charged with murder. He is charged
Britt McHenry, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C
The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London
Downton Abbey star has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks,
A California homeowner's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their home.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English. She
Timothy Rogalski, fromallingford, Connecticut, allegedly called Sandy Hook Elementary on Tuesday
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last
Seven of Michael Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the
Study found Britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled. Buyers must
Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the latest stop on his campaign trail
The puzzle was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olymp
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to find her cover image for vintage lads mag Span
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying
Bookmakers slashed odds on second royal baby being called Sam. Follows success of Sam W
Xiao Ying, 17, was found working on the production line at the shoe factory. She
David Cameron announced plans to give workers three days paid leave. The policy will affect firms with
Author Peter Schweizer says the Clinton Foundation rewards big money donors with new policy. Clinton Cash
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with her seven siblings. She was born in
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states. Goldman Sachs
Keith Boudreau, 42, was brutally beaten in a Quincy bar on March 23.
The flow VR headset uses accelerometres to detect the movement of the aircraft and displays a
Robin Ellis was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 aged 58. The condition occurs
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as
trees have been seen in Dunblane Cathedral ahead of the wedding. The town has been
Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moyolkan
Residents living yards from Hatton Garden heist say power cuts were linked. They also claim
East Coast Lows are characterised by gales and storm force winds. They can cause
Craig Stephen Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000. She was left
The shirt was shared by Jemayel Khawaja, managing editor of Vice's music
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, both from Greater Manchester, were
Lisa Morgan, 40, a legal secretary, amended website to expose ex-boyfriend.
PayPal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid. Jonathan Leblanc said that
A shark came into Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, on Saturday
Chris Ball made the chilling final video to his family before taking his own life. The 21
exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. They
Maureen McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint
Researchers at University of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more. Found
Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied 13,000 twins aged nine to
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married in
Samantha says Dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly. She says it makes her
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from
House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform released a report on the misconduct. It said DEA agents
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, was credited with stopping a potential mass shooting
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend
Virgin Galactic chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said
Three young people got out of a red ute to confront the driver of the vehicle.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users
Police are hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox, the brother and son of the
Bill Spedding's home was searched in January and March. Investigators believe the toddler was
Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car. The clip, which
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera
Researchers in North Carolina say electric electricity can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They used
Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes to win magazine's annual Ultimate Guy Search
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under 74 aliases in Los Angeles. She was stopped
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police chief. She led
Premier League stars could face watchdog probe over Adidas tweet. David Silva and Phil Jagielka
Christine Lagarde, first female chief executive of IMF, and Plaid Cymru's
Stacey Eden, 23, filmed the attack on a Sydney train on Wednesday. She and
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly
Shezoy Bleary, 22, is seen leaving New York City's 10th precinct
Kim Hill was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at the age of four
Kim, 34, revealed that she is saving 'everything' for her daughter North. The
Company began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago. It
NBC'sBoyce News Tonight evening has overtaken underfire rival NBC's Nightly News
Jason Edward Harrington, who worked with the TSA for six years, said screeners pull attractive
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, says discrimination has made it hard to find
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the
The car was set on fire at the 76 station in South Los Angeles. The driver of
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off
The test was carried out by iPhone repairs specialist iPhonePython.co.uk. It used
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia. Actress says her
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing for their new tour - opening in
Suge Knight, 49, is accused of killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle '
A report has shown that truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from behind the wheel of 60
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around. 43% say
Czech immigrants were trafficked into the UK by a Roma family. They were made to work
Zeynab Daghastani was reportedly killed by ISIS snipers in Damascus. The teenager
Holly Beard and her fiance Steve Hancock from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the
Penny spends a week in the Maldives, snorkelling, eating fruit and vegetables
Lindex has brought in Christy Turlington Burns, 22, Liya Kebede,
Darren McGrady said the princes were fed up with the diet of traditional English food. He
Company has approved funding for the revolutionary project. It aims to reduce the level of road freight
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike
International Monetary Fund report lumped UK with Portugal. UK families more indebted than other major developed
Robert Bates, 73, was charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric
Len McCluskey is the famously militant leader of Unite. He is highly popular with
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boy
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions and get feedback. The personal dilemm
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Andreja Pejic, 23, is the new face of Make Up For Ever.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday. Burger King will be
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority were more impressed with the
Scientists at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University have shown that it’s possible
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly
Church of Scientology, Woolworths and Teeslass among those reprimanded. Anzac
Four teenagers caught on camera kicking rare birds and throwing another out of window. The gang broke
Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, has been charged with
The sperm whale was found bleeding from its head at Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on
Jessica Silva's ex-partner James Polkinghorne sent her a text threatening to
Anna Creek Station in South Australia covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The 11 properties
Two women and two men held at Manchester Airport in early hours. They were among eight relatives
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief' Marian Robinson, 76, d
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their daughter Rana in 2012. Coroner found
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway. He
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west
United Launch Alliance has unveiled radical plans for reusable rocket. Vulcan rocket will use new
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-
Cassandra Cassidy was shot in the back of the head outside the rehab centre. The 24-
Kim Sears, 27, wore £110 Whistles dress for Miami Open final. W
James Tingley, 70, was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two
University of Kentucky Badgers were defeated 71-64 by the University of Wisconsin in Saturday night
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs abroad. House-s
Sri Lanka is a teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean. The island�
A fundraising page set up to support the families of Alistair Mach and his grandmother has
controller of BBC Radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant. Alan Davey said broadcasting classical music has
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years. He was in charge
Officer Michael Rapiejko overtook a car and drove straight toward Mario Valencia. He
Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the plate. Texan Department
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull,
Angela Merkel and husband Joachim Sauer have been on holiday in Italy. The couple
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club launched with Prince Charles as its first member in 1982. But
Mei Ru, 50, was going shopping in the city of Fuzhou, south east
Nigel Farage caused controversy by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to
Britons spend £ Wheneverm a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe. Almost a
Claudia Alende, 21, posted picture of her naked body painted with Virgin Mary. Image
Charles Collins, 28, saved Alfred McNamee, who had lost his footing and fell
Valbona Yzeiraj, 45, was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons
physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain. This increases the size of areas that contribute
Wedding season is just around the corner, but there are ways to save thousands of pounds.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25. Clarkson was sacked
Gary Barclage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont
The first lady was promoting the latest part of her Let's Move initiative. The first lady
Luxury ski company Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for guests. The live-
Khim Hang is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week. The
Manchester City fans filmed singing the song about the Munich Air Disaster. Video appears to show City
PJ Spraggins lost 145lbs in one year to get his wife Tracy a kidney transplant
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by seven stages, including anxiety, anxiety, the need to be
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says SNP should not complain if it calls shots at Westminster after the election
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a
Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab
Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy Flan Group in £47bn deal. News of the
The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house full of frozen dishes.
The raging blaze, which began Saturday night, was sparked by a cooking stove. The fire
Nathan Baggaley was arrested at Byron Bay Blues festival. The 39-year-old was
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous as she strolled through London. The sister of
Two new houses have been built in New Addington, near Croydon. The two
Aubrey de Grey, a Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical mathematician, firmly believes
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday. Traffic came to
Qingqing, 10 weeks, is in a critical condition in hospital after emergency surgery.
Flashgap is free for iOS and Android devices. It is designed to collect photos and videos
Chef Jacques LaMerde is dressing up junk food to poke fun at high-end restaurants
The two chimpanzees are currently living at Stony Brook University. They are the first animals in
Charnelle Hughes was struck on the side of the head by the glass during a gig
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmf
Delroy Facey, 34, is standing trial at Birmingham Crown Court. He is alleged
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past
Ericadr, who was drinking in Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube. He
Lauren Perry's twins Mason and Chloe were delivered via caesarean at 30 weeks.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, is accused of shooting dead his 22-year
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia
Christopher Eccleston played the Time Lord in the 52-year-history show. The
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries for help before he saw her come out of the house
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a child wearing an 'I
Hatton Garden raid bore all the hallmarks of the Berlin heist in London. During
Dmitri Kovtun says he was not involved in Litvinenko's death. Former KGB
The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to
Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on
Victorino Chua, 49, denies killing three patients and poisoned 18 more. He denies
Sue Perkins, 45, is taking a break from Twitter after receiving death threats. She was
St George's County Asylum opened in 1818 and housed nearly 1,000 patients. It
More than 1,700 Chinese students took an exam in Yichuan, Shaanxi
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth. gold and silver neck
One-year-old Malaja was shot in the head and clinging to life in a
Shadow chancellor said note was just a 'jokey note' and was just a '
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder
Australian PM Tony Abbott said the EU should 'urgently' follow his lead. His hard
Charlotte Cosby has lost over two and a half stone and four dress sizes. But the reality
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, attacked the '
Gold Coast training queen Ashy Bines upset followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after he split from his wife
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama last weekend for a fishing
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and sending online messages demanding money to keep
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot on Thursday. He
Pictures taken between 1850 and 1855 by Hugh Owen. They could fetch up to £30
The 78 Irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging. LinX makes'multi-ap
Liya Kebede fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue. The Ethiopian-born
Sophie English was adopted by an Australian family at the height of the Vietnam War. She was
Silverman filmed a wage-discrimination video for Levo League. She was paid $10
Jason Rezaian was detained in July last year and charged with espionage. His lawyer said
Finley Lamb, five, suffers from a rare brain abnormality called Periventricular
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa. He
The rock protrusions consist of soft rock and harder stone. The rock is made of
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after groping a 16-year
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house. The property
Charmain Adusah, 41, was found in a bath in a hotel in Ghana
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. More than 2
Indian Creek Island Road in Miami has a median house price of $21.48million.
U.S. Bureau of Land Management in Montana is looking for volunteers to manage Garnet
Kim has revealed her healthy eating habits in Harpers Bazaar magazine extract. The 34-
Hannah Overton, 37, was convicted in 2006 of poisoning her 4-year-old
Teachers say youngsters playing truant as they try to find instant stardom. For the
Anglers had taken boat out to sea the day before their rescue. They used scrap wood
Christy, 46, suffered a potentially life-threatening complication after giving birth. Had just given
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, is working to lose more than 300
Deputy PM said he would veto deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on rich. But he defended
The 34-year-old model was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion
The FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery
Leah Williamson took a penalty in the 96th minute to give England a 2-2 draw
Alan Greaves was caught downloading child abuse images on his computer. The father-of-
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of
Chris Appleton has been working with Rita Ora's hair stylist for two years.
Angela Maxwell, 67, won £53million with her husband Richard last week. She said
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942. It was torpedoed by
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. The
Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of raping 20-year-old Irish student in 2013
Maastricht University in Holland allowed only German, Dutch and Belgian nationals access to its
Supercar sellers Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari sell dream cars. They sell
Lord Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time. He was made
Violeta Tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge. She puts
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact
Natasha Hope-Simpson received angry letters from people who thought she was disabled because she wears
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24. None of
£150,000 supercar was left badly damaged after crashing into tree and bollard
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper,
The VIP package includes a £25,000 (or $41,500) train ticket
Four-vehicle pile-up in central London caused major delays. Two people treated at
Corey Edwards was born with a congenital heart defect. He endured eight open-heart surgeries
Thief scaled a two-storey antiques market before squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach
Karen towed at 10 knots during incident 18 miles from Ardglass on south-east shore of
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on suspicion of child endangerment after the video
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years Stephanie March. The 50
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges
Woman was shopping at Ryemarket Shopping Centre in Stourbridge, West Midlands. She
Director of television wants hit series to be turned into a movie. But creative team reluctant to
Edwin Mee, 46, is alleged to have abused his position of power to abuse or
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were
Royal couple were in good spirits as they waited outside St. Mary's Hospital. Police were
Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock have vowed to keep Aussie lingo alive.
The app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts.
lamp given as gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family.
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a White House official
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska. Researchers believe the artefacts
Jondrew Lachaux and Kellie Phillips arrested after bodies found. They were found
The Vinceni girls were taken from their Italian home in 2012. Their mother Laura Garrett
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in Fairdale are completely destroyed, while the other
Abubaker Deghayes has left Brighton to travel to the Middle East. His
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, braved Taliban fire to save a wounded
Bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than
Victoria Ayling, 55, is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby
Austin West, 4, drowned in a backyard pool last Saturday. His family set up a
Kingston Police officer smashed car window to rescue baby trapped in vehicle. The baby's mother frantically
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, the far-right party
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in the swimsuit
The savage animals tumbled down a snowy Iceland mountainside. Wildlife photographer Einar Gud
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged 15-
State investigation launched following complaints from two agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central
Mother demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, $14.99 play
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week. The 67
Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in late February. The divorce petition
Former Cuban president has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year. It
Charles and Camilla are spending their 10th anniversary privately at Birkhall. The couple
Relatives of the victims of a South Korean ferry sinking call for the government to salvage the
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after husband Jo married her. She was a
Larry Upright, 81, died this week at his home in Kannapolis,
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott, 24. The family
Tibor Racsits, 42, was walking his daughter Kiara, 13, down
Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was on pace to beat her personal record when she and
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three boys who were taken from Belfast to
55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and
The Mackay-Bennett was on promenade deck when it sank in 1912.
A dog on death row will have its case heard in the High Court. Condemned
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or
Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher at Doull Elementary School in Denver, Colorado for three years
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. The
Birmingham's boozers were banned from all pubs and from driving while drunk. They were
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are appealing to Indonesia's constitutional court. They lost
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce fracture. He hit
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, posted 'effective as of
Judy Murray, 55, was strictly on the sidelines as she and her husband took to the
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at beta Theta Pi fraternity house in Connecticut
Kim Kardashian was pictured dining at a non-kussia restaurant on Monday. Her husband,
Apple Watch available for pre-order on Friday, April 10, 2015. Comes with a
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost more than
Prime Minister to announce right-to-buy scheme in pitch to working class. He said
Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines after they 'lost' his golf clubs.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the beach in northern San Diego County after
Ten people have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in Brisbane's west. Three
Researchers at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories
Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn were at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, for
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified
Two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted. Women and children
J Johanng Düsterwald has been painting body art for 20 years. He has
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research. 19p
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the Aestones in Lancashire
If you know where to look and when to book you can save thousands of pounds. Jets
Conchita van der Waal offered sex services to clients from €450 an hour.
Questions have been raised about why the fees for the former Labour PM are being paid by the
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking spending. Angela Eagle, Labour�
The British Veterinary Association has withdrawn its support for culling badgers. The BVA said
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said whoever wins the election will inevitably
Gareth MacDonald was killed at the hands of his conman lover Glen Rycroft. Rycroft
Chelsy Davy, 29, wore a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch.
The app, called Eaze, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, argued over a
Giant turnip weighs 33lbs and is 4ft long and is 4ft long across.
Former PM says talking up SNP threat is'short-term and dangerous' Sir John will
Adam Leheup met the 25-year-old woman on the 'Let's Date
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, was reportedly shot dead by Eric Heath Price, 25.
Jason Lee, 38, faces trial in eastern Long Island on charges of allegedly raping a 20
Hilary Mantel's Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed Wolf Hall II. The
Yaphank, Long Island, was home to a Nazi camp where like-minded individuals
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped
Samantha, 43, wore a £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold. W
TV wine expert Oz Clarke puts to the test a new gadget that claims to 'cele age
Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following incident. A 100mph collision between a
Bilal Skaf was attacked by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional
Woman, 20, claims she was assaulted by a taxi driver in Jaipur. The
Little Caesar wandered off from his family's Michigan home at the weekend. The family tried to
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1
Cyril Smith was a Liberal Democrat for four years before he died. He was feted
Brisbane's Anglican Archbishop has called for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, lost a stone during her first pregnancy.
Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 25%
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing users to unlock their phone with their voice
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-H Hazel, both 44, have been charged with child
Savannah Guthrie, 43, discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Robert Durst
population deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed. One in nine fisheries operate sustain
Luke Shambrook has been going to the candlebark Campground since he was
The perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of
Ukip's education spokesman appeared in party's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book
Madison Small, 18, from Ashburn, Virginia, passed away suddenly on Tuesday morning after
Greece has more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart on Footh
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home. Undercover officers
Chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions. The
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend. Police found her body at
Philoven, 60, was told he had not been shown a pay and display ticket.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country. Saudi-
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in central China installed metal bars on all balconies
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn. Food in the kitchen was
Geoff Johnson moved out of his mother's Nebraska home when he was 17. His sister Jennifer
Burberry ponchos have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter. The
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals,
Two police officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire
Tom Hanks' wife, Rita, 58, announced on Tuesday she was diagnosed with breast
Agent Arthur Baldwin was arrested at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder. He was charged with
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, both died after falling down stairs.
The mummy was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box. Cleaner Otilio
Bournemouth Bay Run runners were sent on an unscheduled detour. Up to
Many brides still opt for traditional white wedding dresses. Keira Knightley chose to wear
Steve Smith, 52, opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn,
Prince William, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles all star in new show. New series New
House prices across the UK will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Se
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, resigned after a photo of him looking at
HMS Ocean even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency evacuations. One woman was airl
Pippa Middleton, 31, was seen out jogging in London today. The
Dental kits allow people to carry out their own dental work. The kits can be bought
Frank Abagnale, 66, has been working with the FBI for more than 50 years
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly
KFC's questionnaire contains 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strong
The worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade was expected to hit Newcastle. But
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
Matt Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home.
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
Scientists have identified the bones of'Caryoven Man' who fell in cave. They have
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was killed by Napoleon's troops at the battle of Waterloo.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted in water off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. The barn swallow, for
Jessica Howard denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults
The online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years. Among the most popular
Thousands of dead fish found floating in the water near Huizhou City. Workers had rushed
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy. Comes after Scottish First Minister
Two Britons thought to be among six passengers on light aircraft. Four passengers were tourists from Spain
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum
Passengers coming towards end of 15 night cruise became unwitting pawns in legal dispute. Ship
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. They
Experts say 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever. This is
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of
Susan Farmer, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st ( tantalised lbs) At
Marilyn Zuniga suspended from her position after letters to killer. She said students in Philadelphia
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years. He
Oklahoma has legalized killing death row prisoners with nitrogen gas. New law gives the state four different
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days
Scientists have recorded a song of a new species of beaked whale. The song can�
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. He allegedly got into
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow
Hamilton College in upstate New York was placed on lockdown Monday morning after a bomb threat and
A number of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of wax
Munira Khalif, 18, from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana,Vict
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over 83-year-old Dorothy's
Around 250 men and women marched through the town of Dereham for the final time.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze pleaded guilty to harassing a barn owl in flight while
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio,
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli,
Robin Wright, who played Jenny in House of Cards, married Sean Penn in 1989. The
Mary Schuyler won the $72 steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steak
Restaurant chain's advert appeared to say children prefer pizza. Top pizza chef described the advert as
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday. The fast food giant
A woman was kicked out of Melbourne’s Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt. She was
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year. DNA samples
Anthony Weiner and his wife were spotted eating at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday.
Robert Durst was arrested in mid-March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Jake Castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to prepare troops for D-Day land
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed for breaking younger sister's bucket. His
Muhammadu Buhari said his government would do 'everything in its power' to bring
Tommy Thompson, 62, led an excursion to the SS Central America in 1988. He
sleep apnoea is often typified by heavy snoring. This causes muscles in
Susan Monica, 66, is on trial for killing two men and dismembering their bodies
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
Photographs taken with the first'secret' handheld camera will go on display on Saturday at
Game of Thrones premiere its fifth season tonight, which is due to be released on HBO.
Two men have been arrested after a Thomson Airways flight diverted to Bermuda. The Boeing 787
The 29-year-old woman was chased by police through the Pattaya region. Officers
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, would down seven cans a day. She
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, died just days after catching the
U.S consumer advisory group set up by Department of Transportation. They say space on planes
Lord Neuberger said judges must be'sensitive' to the fact they usually come from
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45
Holmesburg Prison was opened in 1895 and was one of the most notorious and violent prisons in
Glynis Barber is the star of ITV's Dempsey And Makepeace. The actress has
Abedin was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company on Wednesday. She was photographed
Labour leader said in the past party was 'too timid' about making clear that for communities
Aldi has requested the right to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week.
Leo Grand created Trees for Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him $100 in cash
Ian Gibson, 60, had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years
Relatives of Esam Ghazzawi lived in the Sarasota home until they fled.
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with lung cancer in December. He was dismissed by doctors
Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged from the Mackay-Bennett. It was
Boris Johnson was given a kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter. He was
Denmark's Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in
Australian designers We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney
Carwyn Scott-Howell, 7, was on holiday with his mother, sister and
Staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar. They called police
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over
Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale, west London, was destroyed by bombs during the Blitz.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today. Temperatures are expected to remain
Fenerbahce team bus was attacked by an assailant with a shotgun. The bus was
Turkish court imposed blocks on Twitter and YouTube after they refused request to remove pictures of prosecutor held
FBI chief James Coney says fitness tests depend on agents' ability to 'run, fight
The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that up to $115,000 was available for information
Katie Cope, 17, feared being assaulted by the agitated woman. She had to close
Rescuers had been working to save 149 melon-headed dolphins in Hokota.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas, claims a Whataburger in Austin
Former Met Police commissioner Lord Stevens to be investigated. Allegations made by Neville Lawrence, father
Simply Nigella will be the first solo show since the court case involving Charles Saatchi
Jane chose the region for an active holiday with her teenage son. The area is unsp
Kent Sprouse was convicted of killing Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Stein
Leonie Granger, 25, found guilty of killing Mehmet Hassan, 56. She targeted
Officers from Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures of Lego models on their Facebook page. Break
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, West Mids, proposed to partner
NBC helicopter was following San Bernardino County officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profit group has revoked its charity status. The
The gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in
Just over a quarter of women giving birth now have a caesarean. This includes
Josiah Duggar, 18, has announced he is in a courtship with 17-
Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derbyshire as part of election campaign.
The man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet in Palm Beach, Florida. The bull
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved that one fan has
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern
Stephen James Hendry is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. The
The Ministry of Defence published the Aerodrome Manual on their website. The manual contains GPS
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were
Robert Cusanelli of WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse after
Footage shows Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway
Pupil Xiao Gao, 11, has not spoken a word in five days.
Restaurant staff accidentally served drink to daughter and her friend. Ashley Dodds, 29, was
Wendy Goyer and her husband Kirk Pingelly were embroiled in a legal battle over their neighbour
Scientists used 3D scanning to reconstruct how Richard III's skeleton was formed. They found a
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, developed Crohn's disease at the age of 14.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas,
Justice Diana Bryant said commercial surrogacy laws need overhaul. She said Australian parents should be allowed
Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,arov fake employee credentials. It then placed it
Air India captain claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him. Both pilots have
Tonya Stack, wife of Mike Stack, 'flipped me the bird' at fundraiser
49% think Camilla should take title of the wife of a reigning king. 35%
Kyle Iveson, 24, held up Thorougoods shop in Clithero
The comment was made while on a visit to Oklahoma City. It is the first he's
The 50-year-old reality star is slated to discuss her longtime struggle with alcoholism in
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. She had
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page
Chen Yuntao, 38, is desperately trying to raise money for his son's medical
John Pat Cunningham was shot by the British Army in County Armagh. The 73-year
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking water on GoPro camera. He
Controversial commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in
Jaime Singleton launched the petition after she saw Nadia tied up outside a restaurant at Marina
ISIS release list of harsh punishment for those who insults God or his messenger. Adulterers who
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Dr Deepa's campaign video features Elmo explaining
Stephen Hogger, 55, was given notice to leave after falling out with senior figures.
Chancellor says raising tax-free personal allowance bracket is priority. But Labour and Tory politicians have
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy
A 4WD has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west
Images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing crowols.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas on social media. They have been
Richard Sherman and his girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed their son, Rayden, on February 5.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Jafar Adeli was snared by a paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life. New
Melbourne man Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents'
Joanne Bolton was stabbed 14 times by Steven Young in her home. The 35-year
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, and her two daughters stole thousands of pounds. They then sold
The Handbag Clinic in Chelsea cater to the needs of well-heeled clients. They
The copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago. It suggests there
Hailey Baldwin, 18, is the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a
Study found two cups of coffee can halve the risk of breast cancer returning. Tamox
New drug therapy targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs. Sulforadex is tested
Two Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms. Sel
37% of parents have not told their children how to dial 999, study finds. 53
Airline Visual Identity 1945-orned is a new coffee table book. The book revisits
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes
Kate Major Lohan arrested after 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael. Michael
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when
Wylie Brys and his dad, Tim Brys, were digging for fossils near
Airbus to introduce extra seats into the middle section of its Airbus 380. New arrangement will include
Eve Addison, 24, developed strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and ton
Betty Willis, who designed the neon sign, died in her Nevada home on Sunday. The
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed black BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester
Catherine Gerhardt is a Melbourne-based company that teaches young children how to deal with online
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed
Pictures were found in archives of East Germany's Stasi secret police. They were used as
22% of Brits prefer pet dogs to their in-laws, says study. More
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid her daughter to rest in 1999.
The advert for Vöslauer Water is for Austrian water brand. candidates must meet strict
DVLA accused of operating a'money-making scam' after clamping soared. Many
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become
Men build a mountain road thousands of feet up a mountain side in Pingjiang County, south
French paratroopers dropped into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds. They hope technology will mitigate
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. According to a spokesman
Four girls were taken from their mother's home in Australia in 2012. They were forced back
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe memory consolidators work best when a person is
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would drink up to 12 pints a night.
Hotel industry insider, Jacob Tihad, shares his tales from working in two top hotels in
Robert Tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag. When
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. They
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt
Ukip's vote has fallen in nine of the 10 marginal seats polled by Lord Ashcroft.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey was on trial for murder on Tuesday.
Green party releases video featuring David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming
Chefs Eat app has more than 3,000 chef recommendations. Love Food Hate Waste tells
Iran made the decision following claims two teenage boys were abused. The boys, aged 14 and
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from teaching at Burton Joyce Primary School
Annegret Raunigk, 65, went in search of sperm and egg donors
The Ben Canaans have left the Gloriavale Christian Community. The commune is located
Secretary of State John Kerry 'is delusional' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, posted images of
The Minister for Investment and Trade battled depression for 43 years. He revealed he tried to trick
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking the same night she took cash. She was draining
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy members of gym in Kensington. He took jew
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP for Stoke-on-T
Trevor Vale posted a video on his social media account on Tuesday. The truckie was driving
Wiltshire Police had singled out Ronnie Lungu because of his race. The tribunal ruled
Tavon Watson, 24, was driving the Lamborghini he was driving at the Ex
Pentagon announced Tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, is on trial for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd, a sem
Yaphet Kotto said Bond should only be portrayed by a white man. He argued
Tory Cabinet minister Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts were 'wrongly named'
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, faced wide-spread criticism after his comments about
Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists. They are helping ordinary Catholics
Families of two slain NYPD officers threw out ceremonial first pitch at Citi Field. Mayor Bill
Two scantily-clad strippers were hired by the deceased's own wife. They dressed
The 16th Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival began on Friday. Festival goers
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit
American model Kendra Spears, 44, gave birth to her first child last Saturday. The
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, was charged with soliciting
Karlie Kloss, 22, is teaming up with the Flatiron School in
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the cat
More than 140 children have been removed from school in Washington. Officials say they could not prove
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups
Deputy PM was campaigning in Surbiton, south-west London, today. He was
Christina Mejia is suing the Cook County Sheriff's Office for stripping her daughter nearly naked
Sudan the Northern White Rhino is the last surviving male of his species. He is guarded by
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace. She
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon. He managed to
Heartbroken owner Tony T Ridley believes only an expert could have targeted the 12 show-quality
Michael Scott Shemansky is wanted in the murder of his mother Sandra Shemansky.
Kristina Schake, 45, has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team
Good Samaritan stopped carjacker from stealing woman's car in Smyrna, Georgia
Orthodox Easter Sunday is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb. But in Greece it is
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in the Amazon. The trip
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. It will cast players as
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it. She was
Tulsa roommates Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were 'highly intoxicated' following
Four koalas have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services
Dan Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19. He's slashing his own salary
Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the
Stephanie Hannon, who was Google's chief technology officer, will supervise a sprawling effort
Controversial plans to demolish Grade I listed crescent have angered locals. John Nash-
NSW State Emergency Service have warned the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundra
Megumi Igarashi was arrested in July for distributing a kayak. She was released
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray
Shoppers are taking advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and clothes. Milk, eggs, cheese
Ryan Poston, 29, was supposed to meet Shayna Hubers, 21, at
Claudio Giardiello, 46, is said to have killed four people, including
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said boats 'need pushing back' She asked listeners to a radio
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in Test match cricket. Anderson took his
The house in Horfield, Bristol, has remained unchanged since the 1930s. The property
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently. But does it live
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website
An Hour with Ruta claims foreign children are being seized. It claims the country is trying
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University
Two women were seen making frequent visits to the cockpit of a Ryanair flight. The Irish
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone
UK oil & Gas Investments made claims it had found oil in Sussex. It said it had
David Nicholson, 48,'sent explicit messages to prostitute' Said he was 'keen
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio. She was
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Belgium to warm
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, say their children Rafi,
Celebrities wore colourful outfits at Coachella this weekend. Kylie Jenner, Paris Hilton
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is on trial at Taunton Crown
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary. He broke into Sandra Bullock's home
The Gardena toddler was found naked in a burger restaurant parking lot. Her mother was called
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush'
Olivia Phillips, 30, from Emirates Woman, dressed as Barbie in Dubai. She says she
The five-day-old hippopotamus was thrown into the air after fighting with two
Picture believed to show Geelong College principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography. Mr Barr resigned from
Passengers on the Icelandair flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver,
32-year-old admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. But claimed
Danila Kislitsyn, 31, told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of
Orange is the New Black is currently one of Netflix's flagship TV shows. The series is
Native red squirrels have been almost wiped out in the north of England, the Isle of
Housing association bosses have been accused of hypocrisy over row. One says: 'Everyone should have
Eli and Silas Keslar fell into a canal in Yuma, Arizona, last week
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin
The dress was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie. It has suffered a little
The luxury Knightsbridge flat is based in the same building as the pin-up star Av
Hillary Clinton's Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van was escorted by troopers from
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, welcomed her son, James, last Tuesday.
Joanna Goodall, 30, forged signatures of customers and colleagues for refunds. Bosses
Utah National Guard officers were disciplined for their involvement in Hot Shots 2015. One officer was sacked
The specialised 77 Brigade is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel. Brig
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan DeNiro, 29, are all
Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday. The 83
Detective Ian Cyrus was caught on camera stealing cash from a Brooklyn store. Manager Ali Abdullah said
Judy Murray's mother said she can't wait for her son to have children. Tennis coach
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences studied neolithic ornam
Peter Kelly, 34, was killed on Tuesday night after an argument with three teens. One
Andrew Hennells posted message on Facebook minutes before threat. Hennells, 31,
Humane Society International captured images of seals being clubbed to death on Canada's ice floes
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body. This means it shows up in some
French photographer Thomas Lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-
Darren Goddard, 48, had been looking for his father for four years. He had made
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the ball in her beer cup during
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. It has'roaring' swing doors
Victoria McKennon is one class short of fulfilling the required requirements. The 17-year
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance. His
Pietro Boselli, 26, is an advanced maths teacher at UCL. He
The couple were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of
Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City
The beach-side apartment complex in Westhampton was obliterated by flames on Wednesday afternoon
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three and won a yacht race aged nine
A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want a girl. The poll
British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from experts. They are attending Exercise
Ronald Peijenburg used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and
Michael Maggio surrendered his law licence after a bribery conviction. Maggio, 52, made
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her
Britannia is the largest cruise ship built for the UK market. With a 3600 capacity
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during
Shocking footage captures the Gavers attacking police in a Walmart parking lot. Footage was
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, was sacked from Top Gear after a 'violent' assault. The
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, arrested on Monday for having sex with 15-year
Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet created the series of images for her project SPOO
Airlineruges from 94 countries have codes that can be confused. From unfortunate codes like
Clinton and Abedin were spotted at the Maumee, Ohio, restaurant at 1:13
Jay Rutland, 34, saw firm bring in just £3,inth over 12 months
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise
None* is a text-based puzzle game for mobile devices. It is intentionally more mysterious
James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in
Netflix is the top-paid company in America, with a median salary of $180,
Michael Slager, 33, will be refused right to hold baby which his wife Jamie is
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania who already work in the UK offered £100 bonuses
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, through
Eritrean refugees made the journey from Libya to Sicily last week. Haben, 19
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University. It is said to be the first high-
The body of Stephanie Scott was found in Cocoparra National Park. The 26-
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to charity which supports crime victims. sits beside her on
Alan Turing wrote the book at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, in 1942.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, was arrested in September after a student at Destre
The property, called 'Alkira,' is located 111 kilometres north of Cairns
45% of under-30s say they have a painful back or neck, up from
Apple Watch is available to pre-order in nine countries. The most expensive model is the
BMW driver rammed shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row. Foot
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird S
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas docked Tuesday with 135 sick passengers aboard - the second
Ella Henderson, 19, is official face of dry shampoo brand Batiste. Campaign shows
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from inside' after
Alan Turing wrote that the 'Leibniz loophole' was 'extremely difficult' The
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar near Las Ramblas on Saturday night
Peter Endean, who is standing for Nigel Farage's party in council elections, re-
Ken Clarke warned against giving 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets. Former
David Cameron embarked on walkabout in Alnwick to drum up support. But he was
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was a life-long follower of the Mormon church
The coin was created to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the landing of Anzac troops at
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing
A customer complained about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King
Air traffic controllers strike will start tomorrow and run for 48 hours. Experts fear up to half
Officer Michael Slager pulled over Walter Scott on Saturday. Scott was $7,500 behind
The baby girl was found struggling to breathe inside a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments. The majority of women say
Drew Hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available to help woman. But
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended. They posted anti-Islamic messages
Carrie Fisher, 58, who is reprising her role as Princess Leia, and Mark Ham
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was
Prague's airport has opened a new metro line line extension. But the station where passengers transfer
Former California governor says he is 'furious' at the new laws. 'This message
Marcus called 911 after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room
German air traffic control officials call for technology to be used in emergency. Investigators believe co-
May Wong, 55, took her cockapoo on 12 trips with her owner last year
Linden Adkins, 56, was caught on camera screaming at a motorist. He
Oskar Groening, 93, is charged with complicity in the murders of 300,
Music lovers paid nearly £40 to see the singer perform in Canterbury last night. But he
Hoda Muthana, 20, left her family in Hoover, Alabama, to become
Quavious Marshall, Kirschnick Ball, and Kiari Cephus,
NUT has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons. It
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
Teachers' union says Red Bull, Monster and Relentless cause hyperactivity. 13%
Faysal Mohamed and his friends were pulled over by Minneapolis police on March 18. The
The 25ft long wreckage was discovered west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County. The remains
spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. entertainment is up
Tennessee Supreme Court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state's death
The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an
Grant Shapps accused of changing Wikipedia pages to promote himself. Tory party chairman denies allegations they
Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes why she killed her partner, James Polkinghorne. The
Department of Twin Research carried out study of voting preferences. Study looked at the voting habits of
The bones of the two men were found in the tomb from Korea’s Silla
Rev. Al Sharpton delivered sermon at charity Missionary Baptist Church. He addressed the Scott
68 per cent of us end up injured doing DIY or decorating. Two in five injured
Stars' favourite beauty hacks start in the kitchen. Shailene Woodley uses roasted beet
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife, Amanda, 47, with
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
Boris Johnson will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron. There have been growing
Holly Barber, 25, thought she was suffering from a bad hangover. She was rushed
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the iP Bike
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was
Noel Biderman, 43, is founder of Ashley Madison, a Canadian dating website.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama. The two men are
Sandra Mathis, 52, was arrested Sunday afternoon in San Diego. She was caught on
John Brynarsky's son Chris was killed in October 2006 after an argument in his
Peter Fox, 26, is believed to have fled to London after the murders. Police are
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in the Ugandan capital Kampala.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California. One woman
Centre Pompidou Malaga is housed in a low-slung white building.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found baby's body in Norfolk pond in 1988. She was
Marla McCants, 43, was kidnapped by her ex-boyfriend in her early
400 Zimbabweans were pictured disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in Beit
One in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries such as Canada and Australia. Senior G
Olivier Rousteing, 29, chose Kim and Kanye for Balmain campaign. Designer says
Animal Rescue Corps workers found 97 dogs living in cages in a barn in Manchester, Tennessee,
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrim
Historians have long believed this was a result of an epileptic attack. But new research
Gang posing as wealthy Italians built cabinet so one of them could hide inside a void in the
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada. He
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked to run a stand at St George's Day.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just
The Florida Senator said he was not against gay marriage. But said the 'definition of marriage
Kelly Parsons, 35, from south west London, has donated 50 eggs. The super-
French coach forced to perform the manoeuvre on a slipway in Dartmouth. The driver was
Child climbed under temporary bike rack and put the White House under lockdown. Secret Service spokesman said
The shelter was dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport. Was
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested with eight relatives in Turkey. He is the son
William Ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001. Conv
Candice Bergen, now 68, played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom,
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Panthers was heading back to the locker room after the team beat
Niamh Geaney, 26, met Karen Branigan, 29, through a social
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam. The
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following tip-off. Customers called in
Raymond Blanc and Lucy Verasamy visited cooking school Le Manoir. Restaurant has held two
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets. The phones come with apps that help
Sponge Bobby the seal was rescued from a Dorset beach in November. She was struck by
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, has been living as a woman
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently
Westerners are taking part in a sickening circle of violent one-upmanship. They
Officials found the drugs after a flight from the Dominican Republic landed in Nice. The suitcase contained
Doaa and Umm were part of the al-Khansa Brigade, monitoring women
Yvonne Deegan described investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' She said she was
Ed Miliband will give MPs power to set state pension and disability payments. Critics fear it could
Colleen Ann Harris, 73, was acquitted of killing her second husband, James Batten
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total
Gavin Thorman, 36, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, operated his
libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that
Toronto police officer Luke Watson has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest homophobia and discrimination
Kim, 34, has revealed beauty essentials for her beauty. £65 Creme de la
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, were riding a
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace. They are preparing for the
University of Cape Town voted to remove statue of Cecil Rhodes. The statue was vandalised and
Alexander Kutner travelled to South Africa's Ulusaba Game Reserve. The Land Rover was
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, in their garden.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case
Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland, was taken into custody
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52
Bridget Klecker, 42, of San Francisco, died on Friday after being struck by
Three Syrians were arrested for allegedly being part of the crew. Each person was charged $8
Victoria Crackeney, 38, was suspended for nine months after a colleague said she tried
Richard Lapointe, 69, was convicted of murdering his wife's 88-year-
gold and silver bars were loaded onto a former Irish Sea ferry in 1942. The bullion
For the Love of Cars returns for a second series on Channel 4. Actor Philip Glenister
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday. Tebow, 27, was
Nicky Morgan said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether
beer maker Matthew Halliday said he has seen a 'pump' in business. He
Dr Teresa Belton says simple things can increase happiness. These include inviting a lonely person out
Ashley says the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum is looking to build a six-store
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and
Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary
DIY brain stimulation kits are being sold online for as little as $55 US. Experts have
Aviation expert questions whether Germanwings plane may have had electronics 'hacked' before crash.
Costa Rica tourism group thought they were in Costa Rica to visit Golfito. But they were
Police believe the woman lured Samantha Fleming, 23, from her home in Anderson, Indiana,
Visit history.uo.com and log in with your Google account. To download history visit
Amanda Casey was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the Chicago
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car in Wembley, north west London
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit's application to trademark the phrase. BeneFit
Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women.
David and Samantha Cameron were 'falling apart' after son Ivan was born disabled. Ivan
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death
'Battle for Sevastopol' is about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend, Jackson
Russia's culture ministry said film distorts history and would air. Film, 'Child 44
Dr Adam Cobb was arrested in New Hampshire on Friday. Cobb was taken into custody for receipt
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, bones and neck.
The Pulitzer Prize for journalism went to The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina.
Genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of Hillary Clinton and she is
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young
Two bodies found amid wreckage after light aircraft went missing. Police began combing woodland in Ar
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was home to a post office, grocery store
Residents of Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Constable of the W.O.R.D. Min
Couple want to install air-con in five rooms at their £31.5m
Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown after court case was thrown out. Nine reporters accused of
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI.
Martin and Jessica Castillo lost the ring while scuba diving in Mexico in 2013. They
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide. He
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested February 17 after he kidnapped a woman, shot and killed
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men posing with dogs. The account was created
Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana are believed to
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in first campaign together for Garnier
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in Arapahoe County District
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with neuroblastoma cancer last year. The seven kilogram
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal. Said Miliband rejected idea
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested after he stepped onto Sicilian soil. He
Sienna Miller works out every day. Her mother started one of the first London yoga schools
Details of George Osborne's plans are unclear. But it is thought minimum wage earners would be
ComRes survey reveals Lib Dems are now equal with Ukip in the polls. It is the
Picture was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland. The 50-year
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles said parents should not doubt their'resolve
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, weighed 18st 7lbs and was a 'fat br
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. He was hired by the
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and
Rameshbhai Nandwana, 34, of Gurjarat, India,
Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair, says Dr Vicky J
Rob MacFarlane captured the raccoon on his crane in Toronto. MacFarlane shared
Rebecca Exton- pests, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside. Vets feared
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service. His private health centre
Abdulkadir Zeyat, his wife Antika and six children were found dead
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, killed her daughter, two, in June 2013
Dino Maglio, 35, is on trial in Padua, northern Italy. He was
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night
Supermarket recalls dummies for second time in two years. The dummies could pose a
The first lady jokingly warned motorists in Washington D.C. that her eldest daughter is
Campaign aims to stamp out myth that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her
New beer claims to have two grams of collagen per can. Collagen is a protein found
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have been
PM will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2
Natalie Bennett said the 'citizens income' would take longer than five years. She said the
Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin Airport. The former NT Labor party figure is
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc (UT
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to
Gold Coast City Council will be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the
All 62 items - including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest. He was
Men boarded refrigerated truck in Belgium before crossing the channel. Sniffer dogs used to
Police have revealed they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive. The three-year
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,
The men fish without the aid of a rod, first practiced in 960 AD. They release
The Keukenhof Gardens in Lisse, Netherlands, is home to seven million blo
Around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers. The event was
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars. The rare event happened
Sue Sharp bought lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland, for £11
Around the World auction draws interest from collectors and those with wanderlust. More than 250 items
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to '
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of killing her mother Sheila von Wiese-M
41 hospital trusts in England offered patients the opportunity to pay for cataract surgery. The
Steve and Sarah Nick allegedly stole more than $50,000 from 67-year-old
Nicola Sturgeon booed as she refused to rule out holding second referendum. She said: '
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes. The 20-
Only 43% of the public want to see Camilla as queen, a poll reveals.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia ended on Thursday night. Johanna Johnson closed the week with
21 million acres of jungle to be torn down to make way for rubber plantations. Demand is
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from Hull. He
David Cameron wants to take the country back to the 1970s. But he says one of
A recent study of Australian parents found a third of Australian women are not finding time for their
Andreas Lubitz was treated for a psychiatric illness, it has emerged. German law meant it
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce
Ronnie Carroll could still win seat for Hampstead and Kilburn. He won 29 votes in
Joe Anderson, 56, was a senior learning mentor at Chesterfield High School. He was
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was detained at Birmingham Airport in early hours. He was deported
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling the inferno at Paul's Hair World.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013
Dietrich Evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford, 28.
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. The
Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 and held for five days. NBC News now says
Kai Windsor, now 10, was born as a girl and always preferred football. By the
Hayley Sandiford, 30, has been told to get rid of her American bull
iRobot claims its machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes. The National Radio Astron
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot her estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into
Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the sight.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia
Kim, Kanye and Khloe arrived in Paris on Monday. They arrived in Jerusalem to bapt
Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey said the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water
Teenagers detained at their homes in Coventry and a 39-year-old man in
Johanna Johnson's glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', ended in Sydney on Thursday
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams will receive
Scientists have found that the comet's core isn't magnetised. Some astrophysicists
Elton John and Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X lab, said it was often difficult to grasp
A deceased fully-clothed man was found on Somerton beach, Adelaide. Post
Jerry Grayson, 59, was youngest pilot to serve in the Royal Navy. He was responsible
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland. Her son
Scientists have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone camera. The microbeads bind
The truck collided with a car southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5. She was
David Cameron made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning. Tory leader has
Robert Blackwell, 19, was texting at the time of the crash in Oxfordshire. He
Ferris wheel will be located near the St George Ferry Terminal. The $500million observation
Martin Alvarado Jr., 23, from Cicero, Illinois,'repeatedly
Deanna Rudison, 55, was caught on camera splashing bleach in the face of
Teenager ordered deadly toxin off the 'dark web' after online requests were tracked by counter
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5-inch
Man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme. He asked Siri
Kelsey Higley, 22, studies art media at the University of Oklahoma. She created
Ipsos Mori interviewed 98 candidates from all major parties. Not one Labour candidate listed the deficit
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is in a 'competition' with Theresa May and George Osborne
Rebecca Adlington and husband Harry settled in at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell, 43, is accused of spying on her ex-partner
Supermarket published list of tips on how itsatable,000 UK workers can stay active in
Angela Linton, 47, from Handsworth, Birmingham, banned from Perry Beeches secondary
Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies should hand over the names and addresses of 4
Duke of York inspired by charity to start up in Calcutta. More than 100 girls
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in Crowborough, East Sussex. The 21-
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, is a chemistry lecturer at the University of East Anglia
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, lost 21st in
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car
UK ranked only 27th best country in world for health and wellness in league table. Obesity
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft in 2018 using the Space Launch System (SLS) The
Nikki Thomas, 27, from North Cornelly, Wales, appeared on This Morning. She
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters
Woolworths launched 'fresh in our Memories' last week. The campaign inviting Australians to
The Block's South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer. listing agents claim
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America. The teenagers and
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman,
Jesse Willesee's girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images on social media.
Kazzie Mahina created the mermaid tail-shaped fin to allow kids and adults
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral. The tennis
The unnamed woman has been placed in isolation at Canberra Hospital. She is being treated in complete
Study by the University of Auckland found religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth to her second son Edward on the A47 in
Stephen Dodd took photograph of Muslim Liverpool supporters praying at half-time. The incident took place
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were sentenced to
Jon Hamm, 44, was a member of Sigma Nu fraternity at University of Texas at Austin
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in
Cousins, 36, has been on bail and due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court.
UK sixth in global list of world's most religious countries with only 30% of population calling
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions. Experts
Mindfulness for Travel series created by British Airways. series celebrates airline's new Airbus A380
Sam Reese, 22, recently appeared on Channel 4's First COP reality show. He asked
Passengers were stuck under the East River for almost two hours. The train was stalled underneath
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities 'totally unacceptable in
London-based children's clothing brand unveils 'New Born Baby Collection' Prince George has
Rosdeep Adekoya beat Mikaeel Kular for being sick and left him to
James Hannaway, manager of The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, has banned babies from
Hillary Clinton and husband Bill were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at event. It is one of
The machine was originally intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. It ended up
Mark Sanders was a sophomore at University of Texas at Austin in 1988. He was a member
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E!
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, Washington, struggled to get through his report without swatting
Monarch, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was seen riding her faithful black Fell pony
Cyclists dodge safety barriers to gain precious seconds on Paris-Roubaix. They
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi, wears
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded. Brazil is top country
Martin Grant will redesign the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. The
HSBC was ordered to pay them compensation after watchdog found it'relied on untested assumptions
Models strut down the runway in delicate creations by Marriam Seddiq. The front
sisters have rowed over their mother's care since she was diagnosed with dementia. One is
Gertrud Tiefenbacher was found dead in her bedroom at a missionary
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, made the ad for the 2002 Ford T
Pippa, 31, and boyfriend Nico Jackson, 36, were seen kissing in Ful
Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, made the message for his son, Evan
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis. Driver Sakh
49-year-old cancer patient received new drugs to treat skin cancer. She was given
Melvin the giraffe was gored to death by an eland antelope at Kristians
Sarah Wilson complained to Mamamia after it published her image. The author was pictured alongside a
Health conscious nutritionist and author Sarah Flower says we need to ditch vitamin pills for a diet
James Freedman, 49, has been teaching people how to pickpocket for years. He
Sofia Vergara's attorney said Friday the Colombian actress has no intention of destroying the
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40ft into Appley Bridge Quarry in 2012.
The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty in
Pauline Hanson said that halal certification was a 'profit, money-making racket'
Companies offer to write on the breasts of Russian beauties. Bodies of women have been
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at
Alissa Sizemore, 8, was playing outside with her sister last May when
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east
Varvara is a 13-year-old Western gray whale. She is now famous
Passengers on board Virgin Atlantic flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick endured a 33-hour
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Kelley, now 19, fled New Hampshire
Oversharing baby photos on social media could be dangerous for your child. Jade Ruthven was
Indonesian court due to decide if the pair's lawyers can challenge President Joko Widodo�
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with idea for Bump
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing from her Cork, Cork, flat on Sunday. Police
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and
Clegg said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' and have deserted.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon, Essex
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without invasive procedures
More than 200 Nigerian girls remain in captivity. Michelle Obama and Angelina Jolie have been
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show
Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were seen together in Brisbane, Australia, on
Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across
Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on
Former PM Sir John Major said SNP would use any power they wield to foster division. He
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, have been
Natasha Willard, 17, fell ill with the flu while studying for her A levels.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director, said he could not envisage
Chloe Valentine died of massive head injuries after her mother and partner forced her to ride a motor
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002. The former Beatle married the former wife of
Martyn Uzzell, 51, was thrown into path of four-inch deep p
Nick Clegg has been on a tour of the country in a yellow election battlebus.
Scott Stephenson, 19, was due to be jailed for theft after failing to turn up.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her plus-size range of clothes for Evans. The
Intel's Curie wristband is the size of a button and can be controlled with flick
Matthew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, was rescued by a passer-
Johns Hopkins University researchers reviewed 4,200 studies involving these diets. Only a few of the
Lance McDade was arrested after a fight at Lipscomb city hall on Friday. L
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had
Sue Perkins is favourite to replace disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson. Bookmakers Coral have placed a
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt at Clermont Northeastern Middle School. When students got
Iain Duncan Smith said Ed Miliband was standing on 'the most Left-wing platform since
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold. It
Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across Australia to keep the public
Leeds University study predicts one in four Britons will be from minority groups by 2051. Baby
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is keen to bring back the show. The G
Oleg Kalashnikov was a former member of the Ukrainian parliament. He was a deputy
The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, Japan.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her
UK Civil Aviation Authority reveals 238m passengers passed through airports in 2014. This is just 3
Officers investigating Rio de Janeiro snack bar reportedly found boxes of dogs meat. The canines appeared
Leonardo DiCaprio is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside Scotland. The allure of the
ISIS militants have killed two members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis.
Meeting would aim to negotiate concessions over their planned merger. Comcast and Time Warner Cable have concerns
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' Of
Jared McCarroll is head chef at M Restaurant and Grill. He says the first step
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome. Condition causes the skull,
Mahendra Bavishi said he believes robbery was an inside job. He said police should
Parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits under religious exemption. Parents who don't
Essex County Council has used maps to identify the areas with most vulnerable. Being socially isolated can
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
Liana Barrientos, 38, is accused of marrying 10 men over 11 years and
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' Alpha Delta after several pledges
Aedes aeevili, a mozzie, is responsible for an annual outbreak
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of GQ Australia. The Minister for
Nationwide Building Society giving anyone up to 70 chance to take out loan. Pensioners given over
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of Hizb ut-
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson
Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met at an evening dance in North Wales. They married
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by friend Irina Niculescu
German woman was in a taxi stuck in traffic at Charles de Gaulle airport. Three thieves
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall. He said they were '
Labour leader refused several chances to guarantee Harriet Harman the job. Miss Harman has previously
University student says traditional means of earning failed to cover her rent. She says that she turned
Watt, 26, is a 6-foot-5 and rechargelb defensive end for the
Californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water. Almonds have become California
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, gave a TED talk about the negative impact of
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during power cut. They
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table. The
The Holy shroud, which is believed to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ, went on
Louise Smith, 38, was eating with a child and a man in the Crown and Th
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course. Two officers decided to continue wearing
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
Passengers were rerouted to Colorado Springs after the 6am flight took just an hour
Warren said she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat caps
Former Illinois Rep Aaron Schock, 33, resigned from the House last month. He is
Jack Welch insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. He warned
Former Secretary of State is expected to announce her presidential campaign on Sunday. She is expected to
A car carrying a family of four plunged into the water at Berth 73 of the Port
Mail revealed Pharmacy2U had passed information on NHS patients to dissolve Direct Media. Sequ
Vicky Pryce, 62, has managed to raise five children. She is said to
Australian couple abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India. The couple were repeatedly
Kansas is one of many states that allow welfare recipients to spend their government-backed stipends
Police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn shot his brothers, 38
The CN Tower in Toronto is the third tallest tower in the world. Visitors to the Grand
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale. They spotted
Stephanie decided long-distance phone calls were not enough. She wanted to give her father a
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he grip
Raymond Charles Laing has been dubbed 'New Zealand's worst ever drink driver' He has
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness to CEOs and
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona. They found
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcom
The Italian-inspired mansion in Vail, Colorado, has incredible 360-degree views across
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run after attacking a woman at a party. He
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian.
Leo Schofield, 79, said he was 'absolutely obsessed, tremendously intrigued' by
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department. Clinton
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jnr Khan pleaded guilty to terror offences. Anderson and Khan are accused
Doug Hughes landed his single-seat gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of
Piper, 8, died in a crash near Doyalson, New South Wales.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed
Todd Larson, 55, said he parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife in Portugal. He has now written
76-sq ft log cabin is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry
The septum ring is a popular trend among women. In Australia, Aboriginals
Taxpayers are having to find £11billion a year to top up wages. Money is
Soloman Bygraves, 29, mugged Stanley Evans, 93, at his block
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended. He said it would be better for patients to
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition in
Research focused on POMC neurons, which send and receive signals to regulate appetite. When
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer
Duke of Kent, 79, was seen leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with walking stick.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on
Phillip Pama, 28, allegedly killed Leon Yeaman, 55, with one punch.
Lisa McElroy, 50, is a Drexel University law prof. She is
The men were caught on camera raiding the Esso filling station in Caterham. They were
Hanghang was using old handset as an alarm when he woke up. He said the
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel beat Cook County Commissioner Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia in a runoff
A baby girl is in an induced coma after a car smashed into a house. The 20
Fredric Brandt, a cosmetologist, was found dead inside his home on Easter
Robert Finn, 62, resigned from Kansas City-St. Joseph Diocese. He was
Marc and Shanon Parker have built a fleet of movie-inspired cars. Among them are
Cheshire East Council approved the £3.2million development. The council said travellers could
Pictures show the burning of the concentration camps after liberation in 1945. The images were taken by
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West arrived in Jerusalem on Monday for the baptism of their daughter,
Rent-a-farmhouse scheme is looking to revive rural NSW towns like Cumnock
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, were
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper
Keurig Green Mountain's single-serve coffee machine in Vermont hit over $3
Piper Kulk, 8, and William, 9, died in the crash on Sunday morning
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives. Cameron
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa
David Cameron poses for selfies on campaign trail in Northumberland. Nick Clegg and Nigel
A man stormed the catwalk at the Ellery show at CarriagEdge in Sydney
The loo version was created for a Game Of Thrones fan by a team of Hollywood prop
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed £50,000
Bristol City Council has been slammed for ripping up cobbles. The cobbles will be lifted
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University, was diagnosed with herpes two years
Report by accountants Second Sight found many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Hillary Clinton announced she was running. He insisted that
A 32-year-old man has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital
Iran's supreme leader said Thursday that sanctions will be removed 'just when the deal is reached
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. He
Mumia Abu-Jamal was taken to hospital last week after collapsing in a bathroom.
Erica Kinsman filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston. She claims
Study by researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the US
Joy Webb, 17, asked her 80-year-old 'Poppa' James
Dominique Granier said smell was a'sanitation risk' in interview. But bus
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the trick
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court
Ukip leader Nigel Farage said the audience booed him further. The BBC initially refused to disclose
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters.
Young girl fires machine gun at ISIS, before boasting she has killed 400. She tells man
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Des Moines, Iowa, won Drake
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N P
The island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release
Kat Lee released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for major service and MOT. But when he went
In first three months of 2013, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours.
Julie Cre Pearce, 37, from Stratford, East London, was told she was too
Danish royal was joined by her son Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary,
Yingying Dou reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
Charitybite-Back claims one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup. Charity says
Peter Mutty was caught with beer, red wine and white wine in his car. The
Jeff Richmond, music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's right to buy policy. She and her
Harold Wilson wanted to oust Alec Douglas Home as Tory PM. Labour leader feared working class would
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was a senior member of Saddam's regime. He
Emmanuel Hustole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. A third attacker - wearing
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100m last year to £217.2m
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to
Nearly a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts. Trend comes
New survey reveals 15% of students now plan to vote Green. This is down from 28
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are 'on the same side' Mr Cameron
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his girlfriend Ashley King, 23, at the University of
Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. His comments were often what
Britain is likely to face a second election after May 7 because of a knife-edge outcome
Change4Life promoting dishes with more sugar than a bowl of Frosties. Cardiologist found
Jannik Andersen, 23, was struck by a Union Pacific train on tracks in Ind
Kendall and Baylee are non-identical twins, meaning they share a different set of
Plane skidded along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop at East Midlands.
Italian explorer Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot
Voters are turning to Google for answers to the big issues in the election. Voters are left
The robot was supposed to function for about 10 hours at radiation levels. But it stalled before
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested at Birmingham Airport on Monday. He was on holiday
The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. The new restrictions, regarding Kansas
The reality star, 34, also announced that she is releasing a special limited edition edition of
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, was charged with prohibited use
Carlos Boente, 33, was jailed for five years after being found guilty of harassment.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb after an eight hour labour. Midwives
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning
Lord Prescott said he cannot see a problem with future King writing to ministers. He insisted he
Michelle, 27, is designing yet another range for Lipsy. Says her beauty regime is
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-
Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011. Number of arrests
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent hip operation at
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son
New carpet was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims at Dome of the Rock. But
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged Aaron Hernandez's fiancée, Shay
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200. He
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate. The
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, New Zealand's west coast, with
Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans
Hulk Hogan's ex-wife Linda Hogan has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
Alex Impey says he is selling medicinal marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers hacked into the White House computer system last year.
marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out adidas Ultra Boost trainers. Aldi's £19
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a few details about Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim,
Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, fought in India in 1799.
Couple, in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment. Couple
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at Marks & Spencer
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out
Man, 36, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Sophie Morgan, 21, and Sheree Morgan, 25, allowed their accounts to be used
Jemma Peacock, 31, has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer. She is currently
Pet cats are being smuggled across the border to Vietnam to be killed. Pet meat is being
Violet Pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital
No Man's Land Fort is located 2km out at sea, meaning guests have to make
Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index says the number of uninsured Americans is now at a
Parents are placing their parents under serious financial pressure. Experts say grown-up children are unaware
The T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women. They play into
The melon-headed whales were stranded on two beaches near Hokota city. The whales
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for
Britney Montenegro, 20, was arrested after a fight broke out early Saturday morning in
dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes. They thrive off the
Tony Degrafreed, 50, of Indianapolis, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating
Ed Miliband will pledge to cut deficit every year if Labour wins election. He will warn that
Methane is the principle component in natural gas. But there is another gas, which is
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her relationships.
Gavin Munro, 39, from Derbyshire, grew trees into plastic moulds.
Squats have made their squalid home in a shanty town just yards from the historic
Workers underneath six-storey structure fled for their lives after the collapse. The fifth,
Rochelle Coulson, 21, says she is a 'danger' to the public because
Michelle Woods found the snake in the bathroom of her new home. Her daughter Elisha
Lisa Webb feared her daughter would starve during lunch time. She was shocked to find rô
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online. Men take four, such is
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of killing Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, in 1995
Unnamed man was running past the animal when it hit him between the legs. He was
One in five NSW families admit to sedating their children before a long road trip. The
Life Paint is a reflective safety spray for cyclists. It’s invisible in daylight,
Mike and Rebecca Fregoe of Massapequa, Long Island, built snowman in
The 42-year-old actress, who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop,
Three dogs take their positions on their make-shift stage in Bahama, North Carolina.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery
Rich Kids of Instagram travel by private jet, sleep in presidential suites and spend the rest of
Alaska Airlines flight caucuses left Seattle for Los Angeles on Monday. Pilot and passengers heard banging and
International Monetary Fund predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year. Inflation
Chancellor challenged 18 times to explain where the NHS cash boost will come from. He said it
Co-authors Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of the chef's
Craig Stoner, Darren Smalley, Joshua Finbow and Simon Radford charged.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his pie and chips in the oven
Shamim Miah, 38, is a devout Muslim and a former religious scholar. He
Judy Murray, 55, has said she 'can't wait to be a granny'
Temperatures could rise to 25C (77F) by Wednesday, forecasters say.
France's Marquis de Lafayette helped American colonists in their war of independence. Lafayette crossed the
Shay Mitchell is a star of Pretty Little Liars, but also goes to India and Morocco
Metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show some Arsenal fans singing a homophobic chant about Ashley
Hobart International Airport website was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group
Natasha McKay was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section. But staff failed to ventil
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem studied octopuses. They found that the orientation of
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa. They opened
Older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep. This is due to the impact of
Tania Watts is likely to attend Becky Watts' funeral. Becky, 16, vanished from
Mangu Ram, 82, is a traditional Hindu, but has been denied citizenship. He
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found each other
Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, found the
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, lost 160lbs from his Gazlbs frame over
Nick Clegg told a group of children he was better at languages and art. He will
Former PM is being mentored by Lord Mandelson, the former Blairite Cabinet minister.
Cui Hongfang, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China
Animal welfare charities are increasingly helpless after the number of people who can't afford to keep and
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she was struck by Transient Global Amnesia. She had lost
Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area. Images show construction over
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
Hedione is a chemical which activates part of the brain responsible for releasing sex hormones in women
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of jewellery during her lifetime. The former model collected Egyptian
Nick Woodman, 39, clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted
Family spotted riding on same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman. Passer-by
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via
Picture was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tom
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart. The couple documented
Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza, closed the shop for eight days after comments
Bynob.com allows users to book hotels in three hours. The company has already signed
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, fell asleep during the rape trial of John Qu
Alice Dreger attended East Lansing High School in Michigan. Her son asked her to sit in
Michelle Knight was chained inside Cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years. She
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown present video. They discuss how being the first,
A cloud resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province last week. Shi Chao
Kestrel and barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in vicious scrap. Both birds
Pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum are more likely to have language
Kyli Wolfson, now 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in October 2012.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Harlem tattoo parlor for a botched chest tattoo
Veronica Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped
Jason Archinaco's wife wanted a fourth cat, but he has been living in crawl
Diane James, Ukip’s Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
Studies found'major misconceptions' about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs
'Planet Earth' will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for
Pictures taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's landmarks almost devoid of visitors
Tons of rotting fish have filled Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro. More
Flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP. The synthetic version of
Young people in Iran are defying hardline Islamic image to create a more Westernised society
Andrés Iniesta listed his 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard on Airbnb
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. Shiba
Michelle, 27, has unveiled her summer range in full. Shows off enviable curves posing
A young woman has told a court of the severe impact her abuse has had on her life
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has captured images of a dust jet erupting from
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society
Posters appear to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters. The posters are said
Archie Brown Jr, a father-of-four, was killed in a car accident in
Reddit is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the museum
David Potchen, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June.
Helen Flanagan, 24, has been a major star in the maternity style. She has
Robert Bates, 73, accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun. Eric
David King, 70, was found dead in Pierres, south-west of Caen
Group of men were travelling from Glasgow to Alicante on flight. Passengers sat stunned as
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to
Anna Broom, 33, has not worked since 2001 after suffering depression. She has claimed
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were just 10 weeks old. The dogs use
Marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg.
pets watch 21 hours of TV a week, according to a new study by Virgin Media.
Sue Perkins became favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson after flurry of bets. May said: 'If
Finnish researchers compared weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with antibiotic
The castle is located in the Dordogne valley in France and sits on 46 hectares
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles
Around 50 obese children at Jianxin Primary School put through paces. Teachers set up
Prince William will take time off to be with his wife and new baby. He is due
KIND bars are the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the U.S. with sales
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', says Secret Service. It is
Redditors took to Find Boston Bombers thread to make theories about the bomber. They thought
Ed Miliband refused to admit he got it wrong over past five years. Labour has predicted that
Jeremy Clarkson agrees to keep quiet so Top Gear Live can go ahead. global tour of mot
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers. The Augmented
Neil Killham, 32, made the shepherds pie-trifle combination on Friends
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with Jimena de la Frontera
Robert F Kennedy Jr is a vaccine critic and is trying to stop a bill in the state
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said in a speech on Wednesday that if North
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw Jesus in an x-ray of one of her
Number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Tameside, Greater Manchester, tattooed son Riley
Queen Letizia, 42, attended science museum in Barcelona. Wore tailored suit with
Demetri Nelson, 27, was arrested Tuesday after he broke into a 53-year
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor, five, lost their brother Harvey last year. They
Sally Jones, 45, fled Kent to Syria with her 10-year-old son in
Mitzi Neyens, 77, received a kidney March 26 after her husband gave his
The Anthem of the Seas is the joint third-largest joint ship owned by Royal Caribbean.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed, 22, from south London, admitted encouraging terrorism. She posted
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific
Robertatellite lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his
Militants seize control of airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen. Comes
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
Medical student revealed how 'blood was still running' as he cut through a body. Health
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014.
David King, 70, had been missing for six months in Normandy, France. He retired
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition
Jon Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless'
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia. The adult whooping cough
Dr John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus. The humanitarian doctor was taken to
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win.
Raymond Handley jailed for 13-and-a-half years after sex attacks on girl
Rihanna ditched her bra as she went out to dinner in Santa Monica. The singer
The Canadian goose was on a hunt for food when it was attacked. The hungry fox took
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the H
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accompl
Heart patients who express gratitude for positive things had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Hillary Clinton took aim at Republicans for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart
Palaeontologists have found fossilised skeleton of Llallawavis scagliai
Microsoft is running a pilot scheme to recruit people with autism. The scheme will be based at
The I'm UP Alarm alarm can be set to go off the night before. It
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of his first wife, Toni B fres
Charities welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers. Previously only the Liberal
Louie, a full-grown Dalmatian, and Uno, a kitten, were
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton. The teenager from Gr
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane spray-painting over offensive slogans on
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19. He
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
Official figures show 14% rise in number of men choosing to work part-time. This
John Potter forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s. He then placed it in
Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene were the stars of yesterday's fight
More than 100,000 people in the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a tsunami.
Sophie, 50, wife of Prince Edward, wore a beret-style percher hat
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them. Each could claim for up
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time they set down more than
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery
Former PM insists he is 'absolutely not' in the league of the super-rich.
The 32-year-old father was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor.
The trio have been making ends meet since they came up with the idea of miming to
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized
Melissa Borg, 13, has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last
Alexandra Harra, 28, is a life coach and author. She is also a writer
Stroke patients with damage to the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain
Marine Le Pen blocked father Jean-Marie's return to party following row. She accused him
Ted Loveday provided answers to 10'starter for 10' questions posed by Jeremy Pax
The beauty industry is increasingly becoming personalised. Eyeko London's Bespoke M
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, created the dissolvable pods. They use
Ricky Gervais tweeted picture of Rebecca Francis lying next to dead giraffe. American grandmother
Jane Laut, 57, was charged with murder in 2009. Prosecutors say she killed her
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its
Passengers were diverted to alternative flights after engine fire. Three planes diverted to Heathrow after
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer using a dietary program involving the heavy
Cressida Bonas, 26, is Mulberry's new ambassador for spring/sum
The tree was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14
Millie-Belle Diamond has 115,000 followers on Instagram. She is the daughter
Andrea Catherwood stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of Barcelona. The hotel
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot
David Zaslav was paid $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home
Nikki Kelly, 24, thought she was suffering from period cramps. She had been taking
Mary Ann Diano, 62, was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit New York. She
The cocaine was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the
The 29-year-old lived in California and was in between jobs. He tore the
Adriana Giogiosa reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her
Two men were arrested on Saturday for allegedly planning an Anzac Day attack. One of the
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares
The 3ft-wide hole appeared in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Man posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church in Manchester. He tried
New law is hitting the country's tourism industry. New limit cut from 80mg per 100
Aussies are planning to travel abroad between May and August. Seven out of the top
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern 'beat David Alderson to death' He '
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz, retained its crown as the best
Jordan Spieth, 21, wrote the thank you note to the Murphy family who had funded
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties if the Tories
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton
Kenya has bombed two Al-Shabaab camps in Gedo region, Somalia. It
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun saved a patient in Dongguan, China
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to
Many women make common mistakes every single day. This includes applying products incorrectly and toning.
Google Images results show rows of smiling men in suits. The image of Barbie is the 96
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new
Royston Coates posted pictures of himself in his cell on Facebook. He was jailed for
Scientists hope to eradicate the virus by stimulating the immune system. The 'kick and kill'
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson. He reportedly climbed
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara - a Sikh temple - during a campaign tour.
New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined. Finland only did so well before
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday after a video of the alleged abuse
The gruesome images are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al
Woman gets down on one knee and popped the question inside McDonald's. The young couple embrace
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stayed at Ballyfin in the Slieve Bloom Mountains. The
David Cameron was pictured with a schoolgirl in Bolton. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living. The majority have university degrees, reputable careers
Riddick Bowe offered to 'tweet anything' for anyone who paid him $
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson
Hannah McWhirter engaged in the ménage a trois with Dionne Clark
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felon
John Young, 66, was attacked by thugs when he confronted them. They threw stones at
Russian warships and two bombers strayed close to UK territory. HMS Argyll and two
Woman cyclist killed in rush-hour accident close to Lambeth Bridge. Witnesses reported seeing front
Family of Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner
Michael Slager, the North Charleston police officer charged with murder, is not eligible for the
Mascribed Khan and his mother Mushammat set to be deported from Newcastle. They had
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
Eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after playground'sleeper' prank went wrong
real London estate agents were invited to a haunted house as part of Sky Living's upcoming three
More than 200 teenagers were involved in a fight outside a Brisbane community centre. The fight was
Shelly Sterling, the wife of former Clippers owner Donald Sterling, will receive $2.
The Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth. The
hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid, can be made to feel and act like
Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) arrested 239 people in a six-week
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown to Sydney for a risky brain tumour surgery.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a
Samia and Sylvain Longchambon flew to New York from Manchester. The couple
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania
Three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a lake have been laid to rest
The Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been told to shut. The sanctuary was popular with
Dave Roberts jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years ago. His
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AF
Giuliana Rancic was a huge fan of Jerry O'Connell at the Maxim Hot
The Curious Canine Kitchen in Shoreditch, London, will serve dogs. Menu includes
A water main break in New York City sent evening commuters scrambling Wednesday. A surge of brown
Dr. Frederic Brandt was suffering from extreme depression for just 10 days before he killed
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the DEA. He was
Ted Koran, 59, phoned the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night. Claims he
Rebecca Adlington, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child. The Olympic champion
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their camper
Christine Carriage, 67, was given a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court
Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading medics through Taliban strongholds
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year
Szilveszter, 24, feared he would never have more children after DIY procedure
Tori Hester, 25, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when the school of
New York City is known for its high-end boutiques and expensive hotels. But the
Sean Crawford has created a range of artworks without taxidermy. He says he picked
Image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer.
Etan Patz 'is larger than his very little, important life,' Assistant District Attorney
Tim McGraw is scheduled to perform July 17 for a pro gun control charity. The D
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with gang rape of a 21-year-old woman. Acc
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her son, K
A new study reveals that for 54 per cent of Aussie women, the best perk is
Hadas, who now lives in the UK, had 'the cut' in Eritrea
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan. One takes out
David Lammy said SNP is a party Labour could 'do business with' in event of
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some
Iran has sent two warships to the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea. Saudi Arabia continues
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22.
Crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school
The 11-year-old boy was wading across mudflats at low tide in
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagn
Robert Kennedy Jr used the term last week during a film about vaccines. He said he was
A woman in New York City caught a man stealing her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry
18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was given to Lord Uxbridge in 1828
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said she stands
The DEA program monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the up to
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess. When
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking relaxed and chipper outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday
Jourdan Dunn, 24, was bullied at school, which led to her low self
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most
Barway Edwin Collins, 10, was last seen after school on Saturday. Authorities have electronic
Inside Abbey Road is an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed tour of the inner workings of Abbey
Alison Saunders consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Lord Janner. Senior police officers have raised
Margaret Rylance, from South Shields, had concerns put down to Alzheimer's. Son
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's in
House is 18 times the size of average new home, with nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms,
Lib Dem leader's wife said MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May
Teenager'shot and killed female Catalan teacher and her daughter' He 'walked into
Greenpeace activists boarded the Polar Pioneer oil rig in the Pacific Ocean. The six activists plan to
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-th
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade.
The note was left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday.
German researchers found that passive smoking affects plants too. They found that peppermint plants can take
Daniel Filmus, Argentina’s secretary of state for the islands, made comments in
Lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering limits on making the concentrated marijuana concentrate at home.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan. The rare
Charli Stewart, eight, makes an estimated $127,000 a month from her popular
Andreas Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps. Investigators are scouring his computer
Xie Hong Feng, 45, was found dead after falling five floors down shaft. Property manager
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist for ten years. The
PETA spokesperson Pamela Anderson joined Arizona's Joe Arpaio to serve vegetarian meals to inmates at the
Lucy was the only skeleton of the species known; she would have stood 3.5 feet
Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center
Thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures are washing up in Oregon, California and Washington.
Janet Brown was found naked and gagged with packing tape at the foot of the stairs of
Ground-based system allows controllers to drive weapon to a target. system will be able to
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure. She says a
Justin Bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella
Cadbury have cut the size of their Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent. The
Miley Cyrus, 22, attended the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall of Fame Ind
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy
Comcast Corps. is considering a $45.2 billion merger with Time Warner Cable Inc.
Wayne LaPierre warned that the GOP would 'dismantle our freedoms' and'resh
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister Malia
Medical incident officer was deployed to major disaster zones. He was sent in after concerns were raised
Bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families. Found many children were badly affected by stressful
New exhibition from the Museum of the City of New York looks at the lead up to the
Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, battered Lee Judson, 21,
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m
Damian Lewis says redhead stock is high at the moment. He says Harry, Ed She
Zane Gbangbola died at home after being poisoned by gas at 7am on
The five sailors committed suicide on HMAS Stirling off the coast of Western Australia. The
Daniel Pena had erected a series of signs asking his girlfriend to prom. The pair had
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at podium girl Liu Siying, 23, at Chinese Grand Prix.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars. He
Libby Jane Wilson was playing in a tunnel when she was pounced on by the pet
Luiz Antonio from Brazil was presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi
Nasa's Landsat 7 satellite captured the stunning image of linear dunes in the Erg
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in Tijuana. They had to descend a 10 feet
Tony Abbott was asked to have a beer by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Car
Robert Clark, 96, has been in a care home for the past 50 years. Brent
Evelin Mezei, 12, was spotted with man in Stratford, London
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, stabbed Ian Garrod, 55, in
15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' Last week 12
Labour leader read from motivational notes during debate last week. One reminding him to be a '
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested on Tuesday morning after he was spotted
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found the
Sarah Brady was a tireless anti-gun violence advocate. She was the wife of former
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother
Emily and Claire Vincenti were taken from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in 2012. The
Tulsa County Sheriff Stanley Glanz claims that Robert Bates' training and firearms records were falsified
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for first time in almost two decades
Kamron Taylor, 23, was caught in Chicago with a loaded gun on Friday night.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, is accused of supporting terrorism and
Max Verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on
Major General James Post III was the vice commander of Air Combat Command. He told a group
American Apparel has a history of using sexually explicit ads featuring women. The brand has been
Bonnie Doll is a Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll. She has been living in Australia
Alan Barnes, 67, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap
The average listeners spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio. This was 14
The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off. It is
Veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he
Sylvia Freedman was enjoying a family trip away at Avoca Beach in the Central Coast,
Roman Ehrhardt brought a George Foreman grill to class on Monday. He proceeded to
Mikki Nicholson, 36, was a national Scrabble champion in Cumbria.
Australian nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious and five
Chase Culpepper, 17, was told to remove makeup for her license photo last year
Boris Johnson and David Cameron slam SNP's budget plans. London Mayor said SNP would 'd
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m. But the second-born
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter to Debbie Lee
Yeo Valley's staff canteen in Blagdon, North Somerset, serves only organic
The Bay Ridge block in Brooklyn was named in league table of complaints. The 25-year
Ermias Ghermay and Mered Medhanie heard laughing on police wiretap
William Hague to launch English manifesto tomorrow. It will include pledge to introduce system of 'English
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying. Her doting
The Married at First Sight star said that she is ready to physically consummate their marriage.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign when he took to
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in
A recently released affidavit reveals that a Chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered deep cuts to his head and numerous deep bite marks all over
Amber Anderson, 27, has been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge
Health officials said 100 people have been affected by the bug. Rother District Council said it
Alice Liveing has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her healthy meals.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month (£9.99) app launched
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' split is refreshing. She says that
Abigail Ahern is the world's best-selling author. Her new style bible
German team found a way to 'profoundly retard' tumour growth in mice.
Judge Nigel Cadbury suggested Karen Buckley had been drinking heavily. Friends of the 24-year
Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus have written a book about their ordeal. They have revealed how
Doris Fuller's daughter, Natalie, 28, died last month after a psychotic episode.
PM made joke as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item. Mr Schofield
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent sale from Wednesday 22nd. The
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom hailed O'Shae Smith for his hard-line take
Four-propeller drone landed on roof of Prime Minister's office in Tokyo. Police
Samantha Cameron was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke. The couple were at nursery
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy for treatment.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely
Long-haul flights can be the gate-way to some of the world's most incredible
James Oatway took images of Emmanuel energiesole being stabbed and beaten by four men in
Ben Affleck posted on Facebook that a slave-owning relative was dropped from a PBS
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Reilly, was shot in Seoul.
The Anthem of the Seas, which was officially named earlier this week, is now the world
Lian Doyle, 24, helped to cover up murder of Pennie Davis, 47,
Police in Shanghai seized three million fake condoms. They were thought to be worth nearly £1
Mel Greig, 33, married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpack
Carnival Spirit has finally arrived at Sydney Harbour after two day ordeal. The cruise liner was stranded
The Duke of Edinburgh was presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the
Kenny Hetrick, 72, was arrested after six tigers, a bear, a lion
Duchess of Cambridge said her baby is due'mid to late April' She added: '
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin. They used a thermal imaging
Jaime Hessel says her driver was distracted, on his phone, and even drove down a
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at
Lord Janner escaped justice after top QC 'ignored advice' of Clare Montgomery QC and
Loretta Burroughs, 63, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder
Karen Reidy met Sakir Candan on a holiday in Marmaris, Turkey.
The statement 90s chop has graced heads of celebrities far and wide. It is spread
Gigi, 19, is just 18 months younger than her older sister, and is the
Ann Rule, 84, is a bestselling true crime writer. Her two sons, Michael and
Aden Gould, 21, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores across
Yvonne Evans harassed Pauline Bruce and her family for seven years. She taunted
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son's heels
Shannon Carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attack on
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, got into difficulty swimming with friends. He
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence for Condé Nast International Luxury Conference. She was
Paul Hellyer was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967. Hellyer, 91, is
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud above Briones Regional
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence
Arthur Townsend poured the paint stripper over a van owned by Martin Carter. He became angry
On Monday the puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is
Gayla Neufeld, 52, from Manitoba, Canada, inherited her big belly
Japanese woman gave her cheating boyfriend a soaking in the bath tub. She then took photos of
Alondra Luna Nunez was torn away from her parents and brother by police in
Passengers complain about the layout at LAX and the lack of restaurants, activities and services
Geoff Barrow, founder of Portishead, has attacked streaming services. Claims his band
The flub was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Michaels is a legend
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley warned of ISIS' new tactics. He said the terror group is
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath have analysed evidence dating back 200,000
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet. Just 13% scan it to
Shaun Bryan, 23, was intended target of 2011 shooting that shocked Britain. Thusha Kam
Angie Donohue revealed Daryl Scott Donohue, 43, tried to hire someone
Vanderbilt University researchers explored how best to minimise risk. They found soft toys brought into operating
Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create
Lucy Southern worked for Britannia Hotels in Leeds and claims she was groped. She
John Sutton Jr, 84, has attended every Kentucky Derby since 1940. He was just 8
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced 37-year-old father
Nicholas Connors, 12, gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets- Dallas
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May. It will offer free roaming in 22 countries
David Cameron will today announce extra 600,000 childcare spaces. The new policy will cost just
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account
173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to £2,000 to be auctioned
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault
Norway will be first country in world to switch off its FM radio signal. The move could
Tesla has confirmed it will unveil a revolutionary home battery. The California firm said it will announce
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery. Senior doctors
Carlyoche is expected to announce her presidential bid on May 4. She is the fourth woman
President Barack Obama will again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September. The former Brookside
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data.
Summer beach season is just around the corner, but here are some basic travel hacks. To
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-part
Uncle Teng Jiazhi, 58, from Shenyang, North China, has collected
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused
Anna James, 32, vowed to defy ban on her children attending 'Obby 'O
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, makes gruesome injuries using
Alice Barker, 102, was a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance. She
Temperatures in parts of the UK could drop to 10C by Monday. Forecasters warn
Ukip leader said he loved skinny-dipping in the English Channel as a boy. He
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking the pills in her hand
Rajpal Singh, 34, went to a hospital in Punjab complaining of a stomach ache
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield
Nick Clegg condemned UKIP leader's'mask' for 'lashing out' in a
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year. This is registered by those
Surgeons removed kidneys from 45-year-old Indian man with ADocusD. The
Holly Nicole Solomon, 31, admitted to hitting her husband Daniel in a Mesa parking lot.
'Rutting sea level in South Florida and inward flow of salt water is evidence that climate
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated
discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead them to
The Trussell Trust said 1 million people were given three days' worth of food.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month. They were inundated
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being. 'thrown around the cabin
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned his
NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's or
FaceTune is a £2.99 photo editing app designed to edit your portrait photographs
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccyne, also known as
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits. Police
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, was arrested by anti-terrorist officers in Paris. He
Iranian girl has been prescribed anti-depressants and has self-harmed. She
Crime gangs operating in Eastern Europe with 'impunity' due to EU rules. They run
The costumes, which are being auctioned as one single lot, include a jumper and matching
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, lost control of her body last May
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to
Ricky Woolaston, 35, dressed as university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties
For the first time ever fans can see how support for every club varies around the world.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical help after he
Charlotte Blakeway was found dead at her home in Shropshire. The 17-
Matthew Riches, 29, allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink. He
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area. Officers
Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton refused to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition. She will live with fiancee
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear
sheepdog was driving on to the M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire.
Of 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, 59 of them were children. Parents
Dr Christopher Valentine was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago. He was caught photograp
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother. Marilyn
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe. He insisted
Jeremy Clarkson will return to BBC but not Top Gear, says BBC2 boss. Kim Sh
noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. US Department
Kim Richards stormed out of Dr Phil McGraw's Beverly Wilshire Hotel interview after a highly
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk
UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating. They can burn if
Scientists have found male stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates. They believe male steg
Laura Smith, 35, was arrested in South Memphis after a witness noticed the girl driving her
Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer. The Whole Pantry founder said she feared for
Comedian Raquel D'Apice created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, a collection
Israel marked its annual day of remembrance for fallen troops and slain civilians on Wednesday. Under law
1,900-year-old medical'recipe' was found in Oxyrh
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of beating Ronald and June Phillips, 69.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is a favourite of Amanda Holden and Charlize Ther
Monica McDermott, 41, was arrested for drink driving in Macclesfield, Cheshire
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for
Gary Glitter, 70, was convicted of abusing two girls aged 10 and 11. He
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated
Greg Hardy was suspended by the NFL for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season.
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and stick' approach. He said
The Apple Watch is set to be released on April 24. The first version will retail for
PM said Labour had left millions of people on welfare in a system which 'punished the
Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. There have been 5
Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and
Sarabi the Idiatrod sled dog escaped from handlers in Anchorage on March 21. She
Natali Castellanos- Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Z
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of killing his wife Tracy, 48, last year.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct. She is accused of
Trussell Trust said 1 million people received food parcels in a year. But it admitted
Jake Gyllenhaal lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcravings. The 34
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962. It
Spain's Queen Letizia was joined by husband King Felipe at the Casa Real
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. It will be able
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, believed to have died on fishing boat in
David Norris, 51, pounced on his estranged wife Dionne in a graveyard. He
Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they killed a common caiman. But it
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign. The charity
Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men were arrested this morning. They are all in their 50s
Aston Martin DB4 Series III is being sold at Bonhams' auctioneers in May
Trooper Abraham Martinez was suspended for three days last year after he fired at Steven Gaydos after
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads. It
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston
Jerry Moon, 72, was cremated by mistake at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of Belle Gibson and followed her story of cancer survival.
Care Quality Commission has revised report to rate many services as 'good' In January it branded
Vets are urging people to get their dogs checked out for ticks. Almost half of dog
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross
David Jenkins' plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield near Attleborough. The
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, transforms into a Kylie lookalike
Rep Steve Knight, a freshman Republican congressman from California, was accosted by anti-
Former first minister boasted about Labour's budget at fundraising event. He joked that he would '
According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday. She recommended Chevron Divine table
Ben Affleck asked that information be withheld from a PBS show about his family history. The
Passengers held their heads and prayed as the plane dropped nearly 30,000 feet in just
Chinese scientists have admitted changing the genes of human embryos. The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Aaron Hernandez in the eye
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour. Farage admitted he had '
Lord Tebbit said David Cameron had never had a 'proper job' He said
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14. She
Images show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees. Images released by ISIS'
Rebecca Grant, 40, was arrested in Limington, Maine, on Saturday. She was
Nordic country tighten up laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothe
Joseph O'Ri Ri Ri Riheart, 76, stabbed his wife Amanda, 47
Lord Janner signed over deeds of his £2m home to his children after raid.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shopshire, has been modelling for a year. She
Chloe Hyart was abducted from outside her home in Calais, France, last week. Z
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal pledged to give each of the 100 fighter pilots
Woman who fled from Raqq in Syria said women are forced to cover up. She said
86 per cent of Australians admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in
Ukip leader said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi starred in a vile new propaganda video. He has
Lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many
Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her Oregon farm over a
Silicon Valley start-up is offering at-home DNA saliva test. It tests for mutations
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Tory duo were at nursery in Surbiton to promote Tory childcare plans. They tried to
A waitress has revealed how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair. The New Zealand Prime
Vit Jedl regulates, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple at the TIME 100 Gala
psychiatrist Professor David Healy argues that SSRIs raise serotonin levels. He says the myth
Tianwen Chen and his wife Gairen Guo adopted 40 disabled children. The couple
Prince William will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. Quentin Letts says the Duke of
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky surgery to remove a brain tumour on Wednesday
George Nagobads was allegedly attacked by a teenager on Sunday at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote to Star Wars creator George Lucas asking him
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to
Labour leader said he would have to pay a'mansion tax' on homes worth more
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson, 38, and her mother
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan
Hundreds of mourners gathered at Eat Your Greens in NSW's central west. Among the mourn
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to the Lowndes County Sheriff
Jonah Willow, 12, was playing chess when Alexander Cherniaev, 45, offered him
Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland. Farmers
Ganjendra Singh, 41, hanged himself in the middle of a public protest over land
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was caught on CCTV trying to smuggle goods out of
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest br
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending
Nine pilots and two crew members reported toxic fumes in four months. One incident noted: '
Marcus Copeland, 44, splashed out almost £1million to complete the six-
Sally Lutkin wanted a rose and her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg.
Marine Le Pen, 46, is the leader of France's National Front. She said her
Fiona Steane wanted to cut her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused.
At 48, I’m at least 30 years too old to carry it off.
Massey Shaw was demoted from fire boat to a fire boat in 1940. She helped
Biologists at Goethe University Frankfurt studied the healing process using electron microscopes to examine skin
Surgeon Sergiospiridono plans to perform first ever human head transplant. He says the
Blake, 27, welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. She has been out
Shirley Temple was a child star whose career began at three. She became the biggest actress in
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4
A group of female fans have been rallying support for the Labour leader. Led by an AS
Stewart Brand, editor of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extdefinition may
Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would
Scott Keyes, 28, is a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding
James Boase was found guilty of drink driving at Torquay Magistrates' Court.
Twitter users have begun editing the Labour leader's face on to the bodies of famous men.
Shelley Smith, 56, announced she had breast cancer on Twitter last October. She will make
Elvis Presley's two jets,ieu Dog II and Lisa Marie, to be moved to
Kate Thomas noticed her son Miles had a different shaped head. At three months he was diagnosed
The video was created by Cut, who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, killed Mohammed Yasser Afzal, 22,
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon'
The Yeatman is the first wine hotel in the country dedicated to wine. The hotel
Tom McTevia, 42, was driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45
King Goodwill Zwelithini blamed for sparking xenophobic riots. He has been
Television personality and author Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' joined President Barack Obama today for
Marv the cat got stuck in a gap between two garages in Hanham, Bristol
Philip Garrod, 43, was caught by a police camera doing 105mph on his motor
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created the blog to showcase the
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign
Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted image on Facebook page. Image shows man holding a
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Saf
Study of 95,000 young people found no link between MMR and autism. Study found that
The crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as a mark of the
Colin Hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit when he was caught.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as
Oxford Crown Court heard how six men lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began
A staffer to real estate magnate Donald Trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations
The five nursing students were killed early Wednesday morning in a chain-reaction crash. The
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, was adopted by his former caseworker Connie
Flat hunters hoping for a bargain in Peckham, south-east London, put up for
A federal judge has ordered the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to run on its buses anti-Islam ads
15-foot hole opened up in Northampton, Northampton, at 2pm on Thursday
Two passengers were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries. Flight
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and
Brad and Angelina Jolie often opt for low key accommodation. The couple booked out an
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett
Ed Miliband will pledge to'restore Britain's commitment' to the EU. He will
Johnny Depp plays the notorious Boston gangster in the new movie Black Mass. The two
Amanda Bailey, an employee at Rosie cafe in Parnell, east of Auckland,
Ask Reddit thread asked members of the disabled to list all the ways they think they are being
Belle Gibson, a young woman, has been diagnosed with cancer. She has been told she
New report claims Ivan Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. Mil
Patrick Fredricksen, 30, stopped on his way to Utah children's homes. He
Masood Mansouri, 33, is accused of kidnapping, rape and sexual assault. The
The fox was pictured vying for a deer bone in Furen, Japan. The small red
Michael Ikeler, 36, was arrested on April 9 after a tip came in. He
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Labour's 'vague' promise would allow Labour to borrow £
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, fell down stairs carrying decorations. Her father wheeled
The Portland-based band applied for. trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both
Tom Sturridge is set to become fiancee of Sienna Miller in American Buffalo. The
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, is on the run after
A woman found a brown tree snake in her shopping trolley. She pushed it up the
Channel 4 news presenter asked actor Robert Downey Jr about his past. He said: '
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson. The
Ashley Stewart and Felicity Stewart have dubbed their joey Dusty. The joey lives
Benidorm is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status. The resort is famous for
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth. She
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in key marginal seat in London
A massive fire consumed a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm
Out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly. This means you may
Two men were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old's savings. They had
AJ Francis, 24, is a regular user of the taxi app Uber. He told fans
Militants have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses. He
Marana, Arizona, police officer Michael Rapiejko slammed his patrol car into Mario
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before
Hillary Clinton Foundation re-filing tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's medals at Darwin Military Museum. The 36-year-
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five. She was
The 18-year-old was dragged from a bus stop and brutally raped. She was
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her
Barry Bonds was found guilty of obstruction of justice in 2011 after a jury found him guilty of
Rebels boss Alex Vella was banned from re-entering Australia. The government cancelled his
Google is selling the basic service for $20 a month. It will only charge customers for
Former president's Houston home was guarded by a Secret Service agent for more than a year.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering Claudia Lawrence. They were questioned over night by
Duke University researchers compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2%. Experts
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the '
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
Auschwitz has seen a 40 per cent increase in visitors this year. The site has urged potential
Ben Thurlow, 23, attacked Rebecca Hudson, 23, in Driffield,
Carrie Reichert, 43, has written a book about the 2012 party night.
Barclays shareholders angry at generous pay packages handed to top traders. Chairman Sir David Walker defended bank
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro. He was
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday.
Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world. They've
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a
Supermarket giant made a profit of £1.4bn on sales through the tills
Wesley Burton, 36, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into
leaflet distributed in Raqqa warns jihadis about items they are no longer allowed to wear.
Eric Jansberger, 25, Erik Naslund, 25, and Samuel Kvarz
Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK. She said
Bulgaria named Europe's cheapest destination yesterday. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer best value
Video shows Donald Allen pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer. Officer Brian Barnett
James Rebanks has written a book about his life in the Lake District. The book is
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns all claim to have
Jon Krakauer released his book about rape allegations at the University of Montana. He interviewed
The former first daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton spoke at an event on
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, died after swallowing the highly-toxic
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine for exercise. The machine contains a washing machine drum in
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK
Calf Nandi is eating milk through his mouth. He is the most strange-looking
The White House is a royal a palace as you can get. The staff live out in
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed the £20 horse was worth £20
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year. Temper
Brett Robinson, 33, is on trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and
All three main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next
Kristina Bewly started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014
Ukip announced today it would make it a Bank Holiday in England. But economic spokesman Patrick O
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday. It was covered
Two candle-lit vigils held in Valetta, Malta, to remember 900 migrants who
Gang used the drill to cut through the wall of the secured vault. They then used wheel
Tyus Byrd, who is black, was recently elected mayor of Parma, Missouri.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans. They hope to identify those pictured in the
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales
Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, says meat farming is possible. He says it is unrealistic
The £140,000 Hermes Birkin bag is on sale for £140,000.
European Parliament set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks should include calorie count on labels. Under current
Mary Doyle Keefe, who posed for the iconic painting, has died aged 92. She
Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends. But he was
David Cameron was interviewed on Radio 1's Live Lounge programme. Host Chris Smith was also accused
Adam Gadahn was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. He converted to Islam
Chancellor warns of 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP is at mercy of Nicola Sturgeon. She
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face the firing squad within days. Indonesian officials
William Hilton Paul, 22, was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24
Study by Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found link between anxiety and performance. Study
Channel 4 will shut down for 12 hours on May 7 to encourage more youngsters to vote.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales
Two men were arrested trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. The men were
Paramedics are being left to care for seriously ill patients for hours. The Fire Brig
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores after opening bottle. Tesco Finest
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of J.T
Second huge eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in
Light general aviation aircraft approaches Aero Acres residential airpark. But its landing gear has not
EU regulations on organic fish should include'substances from plants, animals or minerals in
Study claims these 'taxibots' could cut number of journeys per day by 90%
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26m from illegal trades
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in March for the murder of Susan Berman and the
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo are on standby for the
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105
PM wore navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart shoes. He was travelling to
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park
A powdery white powdery substance was found in the office of Rep. Mike Doyle,
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating has designed the 'Series 7' seats.
Ana Figueroa, 55, told Daily Mail Online that she still cries every night
Astronomers say Paul the Rahman was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light. They
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, fears and worries remain. He
Belle Gibson, 23, has made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis. She told the Australian
Matt Dunford bombarded Brazilian model with messages and calls. He tried to blackmail her out
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York,
Hubble Space Telescope is celebrating 25 years of its mission. The Hubble Space Telescope captured a spectacular
Fish and chips have become a British institution and national money-spinner. But the true
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12.5 stone. She put on more
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £54,852 from
Number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year
South Yorkshire Police missed opportunities to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, report has found
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday. He pleaded not guilty to
45% of Brion workers lied about earnings, spending and credit cars. 41% of
Graeme Whipps captured the amazing image above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire
Candlestick Park was completed in 1960 and was home to the San Francisco Giants and San
New picture shows Louis Tomlinson, 23, drinking a joint in London. He is
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years. It peaked overnight with
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary
Care staff increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing
US Army Staff Sgt. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio welcomed 4-year-old Lay
Ellie Laing, a SBS news reporter, has hit back at claims she was hired
Clinical psychologist Ramani Durvasula says that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be
Tory party chairman accused of using user ID to delete facts. But Wikipedia official who investigated the
Janet and John Brennan have transformed Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway. The
Images show female fighters and fighter pilots in action around the world. One shows fighters from the
Asian elephant became stuck in the mud in rural southern China. She was lying on her side
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
Willa Junior is the baggage handler who landed a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport
Security researchers have found a flaw in fingerprint security. They found a flaw in older versions of
Bruce Cook, 59, has been warned by police he could face serious charges if he doesn
Ilha dezu is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker. The couple were at Stansted Airport
Patrick Revins, 49, was caught by undercover police in Stoke-on-Trent
Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira
Anne Jarmain was pulled into the water by floodwaters 10 hours after she tried to
PM used selfie stick during Cornwall visit to lay out Tory plans. He was presented with Corn
Operation Resolve launched appeal to identify fans who tended to 96 Liverpool fans. The men and
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' following botched hysterect
Dean Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, from Newport News, Virginia, created her
Ben Johnson was called to a Red Rock, Texas, strip mall on Tuesday. When he
The Clinton Foundation was barred from accepting money from foreign governments it wasn't already in business with
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during chemotherapy. They took to social media to
Stephen Munden, 54, was last seen leaving a hospital near Hook, Hampshire. He
Australian PM Tony Abbott says his country's immigration controls have been strengthened. He says EU must
Goldsmiths University students banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting. Organ
Study indicates that following the example of the Hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer
President Barack Obama made a speech at the White House on Thursday. He was honoring the Super
Hello is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. It makes
Comcast is planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million
Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova were photographed hugging and kissing the 650kg
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March
Boris Johnson said he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party. But he insisted the
The Nexus for Exoplanet System Science team includes 10 universities. It will investigate the habit
Landings fees for private jet can reach thousands every time. Salzburg, Austria,
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. She made
New book claims Juan Carlos II had affair with German socialite. King Felipe and his
Renowned fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has put her luxurious Paddington home on
The woman was filmed in an undisclosed location in China. She demanded that the man pay compensation
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, was reported missing after going swimming
Len McCluskey boasted that the trade unions 'owns' the Labour Party. He
Walton Canonry is on the south side of Salisbury Cathedral from the front of the 18
Institute for Fiscal Studies said no major parties gave 'anything like full details' about how they
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot,
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sit-down
Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three were investigated by
Variety Theater in Cleveland was once the edgiest place in town. But when Motorhead
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon hit out at people questioning why she doesn't have children. She said
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his £35,000 Audi A5 outside dealership
Stefania La Greca, 36, is running for local elections in Campania, southern
GetUp's website has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women. They include identical
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando. Staff member
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months
Omar Hussain, 27, regularly posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her husband Scott working on his car. But while
Maurice Van Ryn pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences last year. He is allowed to sell
Foreskin facials, also known as magnetials, are currently hitting salons in
James Creag, 11, has Erythropoietic Protoporphyria
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of fashion website Who What Wear.
Pete Evans' 'happy tummy brew' contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose
The Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team
Archaeologists have found evidence Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, travels the world reviewing hotel and hotel reviews. She has
ComRes poll reveals Tories have opened up four-point lead over Labour. Party has 36
France recently passed a law banning ultra-thin models from the catwalk if their BMI is
John Moore's images show the brutality and horror of the Ebola virus. The winning images were
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian
Officers were seen running around with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shet
David Petraeus avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday. He was
Seven bingo halls tested positive for cocaine, and one had traces of crack cocaine. Both
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of pet hates. She says that every aspect of
Adele Adkins has earned £5million in the last year, despite releasing no music
Clarence David Moore, 66, turned himself in to police on Monday after four decades on the
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in Homs province. They show the two
British boy, 14, remanded in custody after appearing in court today. He is alleged
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon
The yellow gatso had enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists. But it has
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to
Curtis Stone is adamant his children should eat healthily. He says parents should not tell his
By 2060 immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘ouch Safari’ adventures.
Jamelia said obese women should feel 'uncomfortable' about their size. She said
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure
prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in Britain. But it
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford. He was convicted of 23 separate
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell
Carl Bradey, 25, suffered horrific burns to his whole body after he rescued a
Former Wisconsin deputy Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of
Prime Minister Manuel Valls revealed five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since January.
Alison Saunders, the Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid'
Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative refiling their tax returns. The foundation may audit returns
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, is one of Chile's most dangerous volcanoes
Anika Stanford is helping police investigate the death of Stephanie Scott. Ms Scott was last seen
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna, who
Proms have been accused of 'undermining' the Proms by Conservative Bill Cash.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states. Oklahoma lately has
Greece warned it will go bankrupt next week after failing to stump up enough cash to pay millions
Jake Malone met 'Ri Li' on a social website 11 months ago. She lives
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on
Oregon alcohol regulators approve plans for beer brewed from human waste.
Darren Jones was seen standing for Bristol North West. He was seen standing in front of worried
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges,
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznanson.
Koby Hodder, 10, suffered a cardiac arrest in the school playground. His heart
Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction in Geneva on May 13 is expected to raise more than
Deborah Kane, 46, from Tyldesley, Manchester, had her right eye removed.
Top Gear bosses held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman. The pair were pictured
virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit their images of world-famous landmarks. The
New study shows the entire country is worth $23trillion. Washington DC had the highest
East on England ambulance service received 2 ambulances in Epping Forest. One called to say
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his water
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment. She
Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient at his surgery. The former
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. She is expected
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show
Russell Yates says his ex-wife Andrea Yates was a good mother. She was convicted of
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion. He
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an
Anzac biscuits are a classic Anzac biscuit recipe. FEMAIL asked food authors to
mysterious signs have appeared in Milford, Surrey. One read: 'I love you do
Prime Minister pledged to deliver effective 'home rule' for England. English, Welsh and Northern
Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie
Paul Guzman of Fairfield, California, claims he was kidnapped as he slept in the
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister, blames the 'overwhelming chaos
Juan Carlos was said to be so smitten with Corinna zu Sayn-
Police officer Daniel Jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of AFL star
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association meeting
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker doing push-ups on the runway after loading
Porsche 911 Carrera crushed by builder's lorry in Nottingham. Owner left devastated after his
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of Gary Hinman and stunt
SS Sergeant Oskar Groening is on trial on 300,000 counts of accessory to
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer in October 2013. Was told by
New letters show that the 'young Apollo' was a caddish womaniser. He
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New
Mark Steven West, 32, was assistant principal at Spring High School in Spring, Texas.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, used a quadcop
Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi
'Millions of tonnes' of broken appliances are being illegally exported to African countries. The
Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis, 69, was convicted of indecent assault. He was
Stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. From celebrity models to child
Gang began renting restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple. They dug 50 metres to
Joan Cheever founded The Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005. She has been serving
Brittney Griner, 24, and Glory Johnson, 24, were arrested on Wednesday after
Michelle Madden, 30, went into labour at home, leaving her with no time to get
Michelle Carter, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend Conrad Roy
The House Benghazi Committee is investigating the Benghazi terror attacks. It wants Hillary Clinton to testify at
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is investigating the incident. Two pupils have
Company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door. More than 200 people
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by Shelley Williams. She and her
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baran
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of TV interview when question got personal. Channel 4 news
Thousands of mourners gathered on Georgia Southern University's campus for a candlelight vigil. The
Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. filed the complaint at the St. Louis
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy became angry when a Christian started praying for his life. When
Philippe Bianchi has spoken about his son's condition. The Marussia driver remains in a
Steve Cotterill has taken Bristol City to the brink of a Championship return after two seasons
Emmanuel Adebayor has been out of work since November 2. The striker has been
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League first leg first leg first leg first leg
Chelsea signed a three-year-old son and two brothers from Luton in 2012.
Starting in May, Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a
Middlesbrough beat Rotherham United 2-0 at home on Saturday. Lee Tom
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team. The Brazilian defender has picked his dream team
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941. He ended up in a German
Leonie Granger, 25, lured Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his 'pitiless
Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Sunderland's Lee Cattermole. Yannick
Eden Hazard was the PFA Player of the Year at the PFA Awards. Belgian has
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 in La Liga at the Nou Camp on Saturday. Lionel Messi
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in care
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade in China. The
Juan Cuadrado has failed to impress at Chelsea since arriving from Fiorentina.
Chelsea are currently nine points clear at the top of the Premier League. The Blues are due
Radamel Falcao has struggled to impose himself at Chelsea. The Colombian forward has been
Mike Ashley has been a successful businessman. Newcastle have lost seven Premier League games under his leadership
Philippe Coutinho spoke to Pele Leiva ahead of Liverpool's match with Manchester United last
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in Champions League first leg. Raphael Var
Bob Harding, 89, served as an aircraft handler on the Yorktown. The pair met
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. The Croatian
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Cesc Fabreg
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display against Arsenal. Jose Mourinho praised
John Terry has been the best attacker in a Chelsea shirt this season. The Chelsea man has
Dougie Freedman set to sign new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Forest owner
China has built an airstrip on a stretch of disputed territory in the South China Sea.
China's foreign ministry said US leader talked about China's'sheer size and muscle'
Frank Ernest Shepherd, of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on HMS Bulwark in Turkey's D
The eight faculty members at Columbia University have written an op-ed lashing out at how
Bruce Jenner's second wife, has praised her former husband for being 'a champion for those
living near congested roads can increase risk of dementia, study finds. Exposure to small particles
Zermatt in the Upper Valais banned the dogs from being taken out on excursions
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13
Kim Brennan, 43, spoke for first time since Jordan Brennan was killed. She said her
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an
Business leaders expressed concerns over negative tactics employed by the Conservatives. They believe they have done little
Frederick Biddulph served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne. A neighbour's pit
RTS,S vaccine has just completed final stages of testing. Scientists hope it will save
Turnham Primary School in London told children to sign agreement. It includes pledge to refrain from
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the tagger managed to
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial
Royal Mail to issue stamps marking 200 years since birth of Anthony Trollope. Trollope introduced
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack, upstate New York,
Nicola Sturgeon said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J
1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video on Youtube urging jihadists to attack Anzac
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past
Sarah Grimes sued the daughter of University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban in 2012. Grimes claimed
Punters can bet on coins by using the 'Martingale Betting Strategy' pun
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but no stores will have them in stock. Customers
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is recovering from Rhinoplasty
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend. The 16-
Study shows 40 minutes of extra light per day could reduce short-sightedness. Chinese scientists
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan
Ohio woman found out her unborn daughter had a genetic defect called Triploidy. The
More than 50 per cent of Australians want to work for Virgin Airline. Department of Immigration
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had a breast that resembled a croiss
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were caught stamping on victim.
Sarina Aziz became agitated after being asked to sit on parents' lap. She was
TV presenter Richard Wilkins retraced the steps of his grandfather, George William Thomson,
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the Baskin Robbins
Heida Reed, 27, says obsession with Aidan Turner's body is sexist. She
Youngstown State University removed posters promoting'straight pride' week. Posters were hung anonymously
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was hit from behind by a cyclist in Bermondsey
The video was posted to Facebook and has been watched over 3.7million times. It
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black
The former step-father of the Kardashian family stopped by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women lun
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal
Vladmir Lenin's embalmers have developed techniques to maintain his body. They say it
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colon
Number of teen drivers involved in fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2, Bronze
Timothy Crook is accused of killing his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83
The fort was found on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aber
Soil underneath slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. This
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on its website on Thursday that
Shaker Aamer is expected to be released in the summer, US government sources say.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, was arrested after police raided his $350,000 mansion. Officers
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan was dismissed from St. Joseph's Middle School last
Charlene Jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband, brother of polyg
Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald are
Bruce Jenner, 65, has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid
Paul Gregory, 51, of Bedford, claimed exercise left him breathless. Bedford Borough Council
Birmingham Airport could soon be known as 'Sh Whoever's Airport' in the U.S
Ann Summers has unveiled its first foray into bridal wear. The lingerie and loung
Steve Spowart dived into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and
The four men, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced a series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
A man dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm is in custody. The man was
Sofia Abramovich, 18, is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman. The mother-
Anzac Day is only triggered if it falls on a Saturday. No public holiday is triggered
A house on Sydney's north coast has been demolished after it was damaged. The house was
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said article was reflective of 'n
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. But Cam
Woman, 20, was driving down the I-25 in Weld County, Colorado. Her
Long before mobile phones came along, shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics.
North Korea may have enough uranium-grade uranium to double arsenal. Chinese estimates exceed previous US
Burglars broke into Hatfield Peverel home and flooded kitchen. They also slashed
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes face trial. The three officers were arrested as
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Yemen 27 years ago and worked as a
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from consuming drinks. She said it was to
The 28-year-old has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat ve
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide each
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out about her battle with mental health.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down derelict property in Bath city centre. But residents complained
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed in a US drone strike in Afghanistan in January. It has now
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula. The
David Marshall, 68, killed 20-year-old Eni Mevish at her
Navinder Sarao, 36, lived in his parents' modest home in Hounslow
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the
The Brazilian model, 34, is the No. 8 on Forbes' list of top-
Kim and husband Kanye West have been enjoying a series of holidays. The reality TV star has
Neuroscientists at University College London have identified the area of the brain that is the key
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but no stores will have it in stock. Customers
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the mot
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees at Child's Play nursery.
Atlantis, The Palm, has two suites that boast floor-to-ceiling views directly
Experts in the US found 60 per cent of packaged prawns contained traces of bacteria.
A heated exchange between Royals' Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when three passengers began to feel
Imran Uddin, 25, was studying bio-science at University of Birmingham. He
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in Dubai. They
Brian and Amanda Bayers were preparing to take their 18-month-old son Jackson back
Service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you, delivered via rich
Asda study found that rump, fillet and T-iler are the most popular
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10. The family
State broadcasterRTVE axed plans for a reality show featuring celebrities. Fifteen people have
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are
Freddie Gray, 25, died on April 19 after he 'had his spine 80 per cent
Gary Goldsmith posted picture of alleged culprit on social media. His chihuahua Che
Robert Bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris,
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over domestic violence. He went on the run for
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck by the Great Salt Lake's Lair Jetty
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, is a naturalized US citizen who
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a m
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School,
The Statue of Liberty was evacuated Friday afternoon after a bomb threat was made by a 911 caller
Revellers in remote village tie themselves up on a wooden pole. Seconds later they throw themselves
The war widows are visiting Gallipoli for the ANZAC Commemorative site
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across Exeter to fill the brown sections of the board.
Relatives of Joel Edgerton and Simon Phillip Comerford have made significant contributions to
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over
Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove, to commence the
Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. He left his brother
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was sent to work at Drakelow Underground Factory.
ISIS have been using teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks. The savages have even used their
Ariana Mason, 21, was 'attacked' by a security officer at the Mirage
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine crowns fitted at his practice
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his sleep at home. Cor
Khalid Rashad, 61, was arrested yesterday over the death of Abdul Hadi Arw
The incident occurred at Westfield High School's American Pie concert. The platform behind the performers
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups. Money is
Bobby Burnett, 30, beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing make-up. He
Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma
Small settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own
Charlie Stayt was reporting live on BBC when he missed out the word 'education' He
Volcano Calbuco suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because
Washington parents heard a strange voice from their 3-year-old son's monitor. The
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri said John Hinckley should be allowed to start
German language teacher suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges. She said German
Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the Red
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province has
Liu Guijuan, an established opera singer in China, posted pictures of herself wearing a
Edda Goering, 76, has always refrained from criticising her father. She
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, share a bed and
Michael Gridley, 26, jailed for a year after orchestrating scam to steal goods.
Linda and George Hunter have lived in Garrick Street, Liverpool for 15 years. The couple
Reverend Creflo Dollar launched appeal last month for $300-a-head plane. He
A teenage driver crashed into a wheelie bin and a brick wall. The group of five
The owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Vie Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest
Both William and Kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week. On Monday, the
Brett Peter Cowan could be out of prison early due to an email from a child protection
Ibrahim Ahmad, 18, wore a vest filled with paper- Jennings props made to look like
large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur. It is not an
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Saturday, May 2. The fight was
Zoo Weekly removed images of a half-naked model holding a red poppy. Department of
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage
Kurt Cobain lived in a two-bedroom apartment in the Fairfax district. The singer and
Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff in Washington on Friday. He said his department helped produce
alien hunter Andre Gignac says he spotted the 'dark spot' in Nasa's image
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80
Carol Cole, 17, was found stabbed nine times in the back and chest in the woods
EU leaders agree package of measures to tackle escalating migrant crisis. British warship HMS Bulwark
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of her lover's two
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled by family
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when West Highland terrier was stolen. She
Tipper Lewis, 43, grew up on a farm and became fascinated by plants. She
Ciudad Real's airport was built in 2009 at a total cost of €1.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show their population became so small that they had become
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday. He
Schmidt was awarded a bundle valued at $94 million at the time he relinquished the CEO
Sanjay Chaddah, 43, claimed Dean Paton, 31, kicked him and
Temperatures set to plunge by 10C in coming days. Met Office forecast rain through the
Nicky Buckley, 49, was heavily criticised for wearing a dress with her bump. She
LaNia Roberts, 18, lost 50 pounds after making a New Year's resolution to
Comcast confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion
For the first time in its history, Cadbury's is set to release a bar containing
Graeme Finlay, 53, cleared of beating up Ron Phillips, 70, and his
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note. Mother Tiffany, 35
Vonda Thedford, 55, spotted the carcass lying on the ground in Pitt
Deni Kirkova, 24, visited six different Pret A Manger shops in London.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas. His
Charles Severance, 54, is accused of killing three people in Alexandria, Virginia. The
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually
Brianne Altice, 35, was hired by the Davis County School District in 2004 and
Underwater volcanoes are known to throw huge amounts of gas into the atmosphere. But they
Tibetan mastiffs were originally used in Tibet to herd other animals. But they are now so
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) The bike will attempt to beat the
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the Walmart in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he
The beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the most
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed at her home in March 1975
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Log
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010
Little Jiaojiao fell 150ft from a window in Zheng Du City, Central China
Taliban militants opened offensive with failed rocket attack on US base. The Taliban claim responsibility for 108
New pictures have emerged of Louis Tomlinson's wild night out with five girls. The
Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was killed trying to save her daughter Olivia, 8. She
Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister, Lydia, star in new
Kim Woodward is the first woman to run the Savoy Grill kitchen. She follows in the
Andrew Hichens is a 'tri-service safety officer' in Hayle, Western
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia
Samsung has teased its next-generation wearable device, called the VeraWatch. The company said
Birmingham named rat capital of UK with 5% of Tyneside residents reporting problems with rats
Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK studied 27,
The remote community in Aberdeenshire is known for its large streams of gold. A
Christien Sechrist, 20, from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image
Storms may hit several states on Friday and Saturday, with both thunderstorms and tornadoes
Robert O'Neill, who claims the distinction of shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader, will
Labour leader used keynote speech to suggest deaths could have been avoided. He said crisis was '
George Kirby and Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry.
Barbara Anne Beam died in her South Carolina home in January. Her sister and nephew were looking
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, set up a fundraising page in 2014.
1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall
Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind Melissa Ball, 27, and their eight-
Xie Shisheng was locked up and tortured in a cotton mill for 18 years. He
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to America. He is accused of
Chipotle will work with Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in
Etali Safari Lodge has been trying to deter the elephant from emptying their pools. Trou
Eva Kor embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him. SS Sergeant
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is the Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths.
Liam Byrne left memo after Labour's 2010 election saying there was 'no money' In response
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. He
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm gives users eight possibilities for a
Record numbers of Aussies gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th
Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America on Tuesday. He was promoting his cook
Lincolnshire resort joins St Ives and Windermere in top ten. Billy Butlin
Ed Miliband has been touring the country with the lectern in an attempt to make him appear
Lisa Heath, 45, was a teaching assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School. She was
By 2030, biometric scanning and hotel rooms will become commonplace. In 15 years, technology
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, is suing Columbia University for allowing Emma S
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service' The video features an Australian pediatrician
The app, dubbed Project Elysium, claims to provide a 'personalised afterlife experience'
Diet Pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its
G. Todd Baugh, 73, was censured by the Montana Supreme Court for comments
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images
Ashley X was caught driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on the M11. He
Kerry Kempink shot the dog dead while responding to a call last Friday. He was responding
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores
The frog was found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in Brazil. Called
Police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of
Kate Sullivan, 50, died in a Manhattan hospital five days after being informed of the fraud
Anthony Martinez, 18, was over-joyed when his straight guy pal, Jacob L
Up to 30 people have now told police they were abused by Lord Janner. NSP
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games after testing positive for stano
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Belle Cormaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers
Transport for London launches campaign to tackle sexual assaults. Footage sees a female commuter being grop
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Universe last month. She was born and
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was mugged by a gang on bikes in Mary
Karen Buckley, 24, from County Cork, died of head and neck injuries. Her parents
Hamilton celebrated his win at the Chinese Grand Prix by spraying a hostess in the face with
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' But he insists
Nicola Sturgeon admits she understands concerns about her party being involved in a coalition government. Scottish First
James Webster, 35, targeted women at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire. He
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City
Peter Gale dismissed from Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey. He sent informal emails
Julian Fellowes to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into TV drama.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved to Ashworth Hospital, Merseyside. 31-year-
haunted furniture includes Indiana 'ghost cane' and 'chair of death' Four people died after
Robert Downey Jr was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's
Haul of drugs thrown from roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. Haul was
May Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at Angelo Gordon & Co, quit her $
Alison Saunders, 54, was top prosecutor at 1 Garden Court Chambers from the mid- 1950
Gran Canaria is just off the coast of Africa, yet still in Europe. The volcanic
George Clooney and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their Lake Com
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Cornwall. He objected to
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into Stroathaur Geysir. When they
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park. The 40
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle water
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in
Vince Cable is a closet Labour politician and a closet Conservative. He says he would work with
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury yesterday morning
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election. He said the current Labour Party viewed
Panel will look at whether temperature adjustments have made climate change appear worse.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a
The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness.
European eagle owl has terrorised Dutch town of Noordeinde for months. Locals
Comedian Dom Joly made a real splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000. On
Qatar's Constellation Group has snapped up a majority stake in Claridge's, Connaught
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the
Two-up is legalised across Australia and is legal only on Anzac Day. Up
pages, written in Arabic, have been found on Facebook targeting refugees. They are said to
Jenny Eatra travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break. The 'altern
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, shed 46st after gastric bypass
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, was last seen leaving a Provo, Utah
Pippa Middleton said to have been buying up mull-cloth nappies in
Three eight-week-old Labradors were found in a sealed box at a Good
An anti-caesarean image circulating social media. Professor of Gynecology Hans
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication,
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell
Navinder Sarao, 36, made bold claim in October last year. US prosecutors allege
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after release. 53-
More than a dozen Australians have been reported missing after the earthquake in Nepal. Ballantyne
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm to help him find 'his inner voice' Services
Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence after the September referendum. The SNP leader has denied
Macau is a peninsula and two islands - Taipa and Korane. The city
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin. Stephens
Pauline McKee, 90, thought she won $41million jackpot at Isle Hotel
The show is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless
Olivia Grant is filming series two of her series, Indian Summers. She decided to head to
Vassilis is the boatman at the Eagles Palace hotel in Greece. The hotel
Police spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter. Officers
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on scene of the 200C
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in
Adam Barker, 47, was jailed for 13 weeks in 2012 after admitting to making indecent images
Man jailed for life after being convicted of abusing his own daughter. He impregnated her
Jeannie Flynn, 53, was walking to her GP when she was told to walk down
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was killed as he went to work on Friday
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince
The sniper rifle was stolen from the Marriott Springhill Suites in Salt Lake City. The
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year.
The bill would make Hawaii the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21. It
One protester smashed the front window of Foxtons Brixton. Vandal then painted '
Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, left fighting for his life. He was left
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a raider at the Premier Stores in Flixton
Dr Adrian Quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested after she refused to return a flag to demonstrators who
Scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, is accused of blowing thousands of dollars
BBC said plate was a deliberate reference to 1982 Falklands War. But Maria Cristina Barr
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. They
Cameron will say the Tories are party of opportunity for all backgrounds. He will also set out
Mistley Thorn offers award-winning dining and accommodation. The hotel is just down the road
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle in Karachi. The women
Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about
Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage
The video shows a doctor who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' in Raqqa. The
Bruce Jenner, 65, has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from nose jobs to face lifts.
Image is said to grace the wall of Sturgeon's suburban Glasgow home. Image is believed to
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row for smuggling cocaine. She was sentenced
Suicide bomber first attacked convoy before militants opened fire. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also
The Elders React series is a series of senior citizens who are given their first introduction to
A formal ceremony was held at Anzac Cove commemorative site in Gallipoli. The
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made ill by type
Verifone, which connects 27 million payment devices, says all of its devices have the
NBC's investigation into Brian Williams is looking at tales he told about the Tahrir Square uprising
Former PM warns SNP want to force a second referendum on independence. Nicola Sturgeon's answers on
Isidro Garcia, 41, is charged with kidnapping and raping a 15-year-
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday. Her body later
Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gomez has been excavating a tunnel in Teotihuacan, Mexico
Queen Elizabeth II is out of the top 300 richest people in Britain for the first time.
Amanda Goff, 40, revealed her double life on national television. She is a high-
Scientists at Stanford University have created robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight. The
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16. A judge
Gulf state's Const Sinclair Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin
Susie Clark, of EveningBritain, found the 3.69-carat white diamond
Gable Tostee was on bail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpun
Patient is being treated in the Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast. Tests are being carried out to
SBS reporter Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day. He also mocked
A 26-year-old man was attacked by a'monster' Great White shark in
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4
Rachel Bowman- viber and her husband refused to make a wedding cake for Rachel and Aaron
A woman was rescued from her car after it became submerged in flood waters. She was one
Ron Ingraham, 67, was stranded for almost two weeks after getting caught in an enormous
Xie Xu, 18, and Zhang Chi, 19, both have muscular dystrophy.
Josh Hamilton is on the disabled list after undergoing shoulder surgery. The 33-year-old
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies
Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to Thad Cochran (R-MS)
Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner. Passengers have rubber
Calvin Harris has amassed a fortune of £70m. The 31-year-old has
Architect Yener Torun wanted to challenge the onedimensional view of Istanbul. The 32-
Tracey Woodford, 47, was reported missing on April 21 in Rhydyf
PM made the gaffe during his election campaign address in Croydon. He was outlining
Hospital where royal baby is due to be born closed after patients contracted superbug. Zachary
Diet Coke bottles have been replaced with red lids since March. Many fans are confused by
Four Royals and three White Sox players were punished for their roles in a brawl that took place
Ed Miliband accused of trying to'politicise drowning migrants' in Mediterranean. Labour leader said
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer. The mid-
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCombs regrets Belle Gibson didn't more thoroughly investigate her before
Oliur Rahman insists there is deep-rooted racism within Tower Hamlets. His
Grace Mann, 20, was described as compassionate and principled. She was found by her roommate
Four Swedish cops broke up a fight between two homeless men on a subway train in The Big
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, were rescued Friday near Lake Superior
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of climbers. Sebastian Lover
A New Jersey judge ruled that the mother's decision to take her daughter to a Pink concert
Bruce Jenner made the revelation on his ABC 20/20 special last night. He said he
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the Brody WorkLrobe to provide privacy in an open
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, believes Bulger killed his sister, Deb
Samantha Wills welcomed her kangaroo into her family after he was thrown from his mother
Ivy nightclub played music during the minute's silence at Sydney's Martin Place. The club is
Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system. It distributes asylum-seekers to member
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents are distracted. Researchers observed randomly selected parents
Peter Moore received letter from HMRC telling him he had died. The 47-year-
Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched
Teenage monkey spits on teenager after he gives it the middle finger. Footage shows
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill. He
Bus ploughed into the engine of the Boeing 777 at Tashkent airport.
One SEAL died and another was critically injured on Friday at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-
Paul Shorter, 31, was giving one-to-one tuition at Rydens
The autumnal colours shine on the Rodopi mountains in Bulgaria. The town of Y
Bruce Jenner met his first wife at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife
Colin Shearing, 70, was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar of Malmstrom
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy. Liverpool were dumped out of the
John Doyle, 79, was helping children cross the road to Wellington School. But Genti
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling
The Football League Awards were held on Wednesday. The winners were announced on the 10th birthday
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks. The left back has struggled to live
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm nerves ahead of French exam. But she
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap cashback offer. Company scrapped deal after announcement
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says she is barely getting by on $10.50
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the 28th minute. Darren Bent added a
Edward Moore was assistant director of music at King Edward's. Had consensual sex with 16-
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought garage in Mayfair for
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the first half. Cardiff defender Bruno Ecue
Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150m and £200m.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 in their Championship clash. James Tavernier scored twice and
Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Midlands club. Pulis insists any takeover will not
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery. Coroner Stuart Fisher
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal, and is largely unknown to its tribes
Trials show Avastin gives women around four months' extra life. Drug plus chemotherapy has
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears
protein supplement company has received bomb threats following advert. Posters, petition, protest rally and
Philip Gigante, 41, is the grandson of Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante.
Dina Amos-Larkin, 21, was attending a four-day sports festival in
A man ordered computer equipment to be delivered from Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker
Tony Hunt, 42, was furious after neighbour reported his daughter's cat. He said police
The storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked
Video shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents entering Jisr al-Shughour. The
Ian Brady, 77, jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
The SNP wants to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. The latest Costa
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up plans for over-75s. They include
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, was pictured sitting outside the University of Florida's
Tayler Chaice Buzbee made emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility in Alabama
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won Masterchef last Friday. He has
London Mayor and Labour leader clashed on live TV. Miliband beat his brother David to the Labour
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash near his summer home in Barn
272 children were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months. But the actual number affected
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of
Three women jailed for 'hooliganism' after posting video of dance group. Two
Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV series, What Children Can Teach Us About Anger, is on
Wealthy buyers demand lower 'Ed Miliband' price to cover bills. Labour leader has pledged
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet. Building was built four years
Bro Bro Brokles chemical Sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation. But
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot. But she
Eligah Christian, 49, was sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges
PM said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting:
Researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. Found drinking wine increases 'facial fl
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week. Over three quarters of us go
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside an evening once a month for mutual grooming. The Sydney
Stephen A. Smith questioned Floyd Mayweather's domestic violence history. He said that he understood why
PM said Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed' He said Scottish National Party
12% of Brits say child should be named after William's mother. Alice and Charlotte
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times. The 41-year-old is
Madison Hurd, 16, was taken to Children's Hospital and Medical Center in Omaha with
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex
Holden Colorado- SUV or ute recalled after five customers reported 'thermal incidents' Holden
Oil painting of Catholic saint was believed to be the work of El Greco. But the
Renee Somerfield, 24, is the genetically-blessed Australian model starring
Professor Hawking was speaking at the Sydney Opera House as a 3D hologram from Cambridge University
Kate Battersby tries six dresses to see which work.
The woman was told to sit in her car with the windows up and ignition off. She
The three-year-old chimp was kept in box for two weeks by animal traffickers
Intrepid Travel have cancelled all trips to Nepal until May 11. The company say their
Terry Proctor, 29, was captured after a foot chase. The truck was stolen from
David Watson, 46, was arrested on Saturday in connection with the murders of his ex-
PM was giving a speech in south London when he joked everyone should back his team. But
Labour leader Ed Miliband said he would not enter into any deal with SNP. But Nicola Sturgeon
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section. The
Chris Blowes, 26, was attacked by a shark in Fishery Bay, South Australia
Two men stood in a tiny dinghy while a great white shark charged them. The men
Suzanne Evans said she would step in if Ukip leader Nigel Farage quits. Ukip leader is
George and Amal married in 2014 at the Belmond Hotel Cipriani. The
Prosecutors said James Holmes was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training.
Hudsonian Godwit was last seen in UK in 1988. Rare shorebird was heading to
Marble-sized hailstones pounded Sydney's east and west on ANZAC Day.
FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a '
Mark-Francis Vandelli, 26, has opened up his watch collection to the Evening
PM insists the economy 'excites' millions of people. He said he would campaign on
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show. He said it
Professor Simon Baron-Cohen, an expert on the brain, says gender is a factor
Chuka Umunna said Ukip had 'a problem with race' following Farage remarks.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said
More than 1,000 passengers formed 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport. Crowd
50 earthquake scientists met in Kathmandu to discuss how area would cope. But experts claim
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen at a Halloween party in Michigan. She was
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-wivesiff, a rare genetic syndrome that
Danny Nickerson, six, of Massachusetts, received 150,000 letters and packages for his
Tommy Cox, two, is the son of a marketing manager in Essex. Tommy's mother
Lesbos was the Magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism. In
The monuments of Kathmandu, Nepal, are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site.
Yazidi girls and women kidnapped by ISIS last year and kept as sex slaves. Some have
Sarah Brennan, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, never gave up hope of becoming parents
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday
Ivan Milat, 17, was jailed for life for the 1962 murder of Neville Knight.
Anais Zanotti, 30, from St Tropez, France, is a model and
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying the Duke
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage. The
Bill Spedding, 63, was a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyr
Joshua Quincy Burns was sentenced to three years' probation for second-degree child abuse earlier this
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was arrested at Santa Rita Jail. She was
SBS sacked its football reporter and presenter over his 'inappropriate' tweets. McIntyre
LeBron James hit a one-handed shot during a team-mates' break. The NBA
Cecily Strong hosted the annual Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. She pokes fun at
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday after allegedly striking a five-
Putin said phone records show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. He raised
When Robin Barton was just four hours old, his mother abandoned him behind a garbage dumpster
Arizona's Wave and Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are among the
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his
James Hayward had toy gun in hand luggage for flight from Lanzarote. But security officers
A Survation poll has shown a swing towards the Tories against Labour. The results come as
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on
Courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer when she was 19. She had hoped
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at an Adelaide Power fan after
Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of a ticket in London after leaving his green Lamborghini parked
Protesters descended into chaos outside Camdenriel Stadium. They threw objects at cars, kicked windshields
The hippo stood its ground against the hungry three-year-old big cats. The
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door. He
Man in his 20s suffered head and chest injuries in the smash. He remained conscious during
Sandie Konopelski was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks.
Jamie Robbins, 35, stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in
The 26-year-old star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on
Amira Abase, 15, tweeted picture of herself in Syria with friends. She is
Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
Andy Erlam, 64, will stand as an 'anti sleaze' candidate in Tower
Billionaire John Caudwell says his Staffordshire mansion is haunted by ghost of a boy
Lord Greville Janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young boys. His family have been
Corporation hopes viewers will find it refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern TV.
The Clinton Foundation was under scrutiny after claims of undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a uranium company
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, died in the avalanche. Many sherpas are
PC Luke Stanwick, 30, broke his neck while on holiday in Portugal. He is
The Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when
Labour's plans to impose cap rent controls are 'economically illiterate' Labour leader said
Aaron Lennon, 28, is on loan at Everton from Tottenham. Young waitress claims he grabbed
Study of 18,500 patients found those who saw their GP were diagnosed a week later.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp. British
Christopher Plaskon, a classmate of Maren Sanchez, has been charged with murder as
South Yorkshire Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls. It was because they were too
Prince George was born in July 2013 and his birth was first announced. News of the royal
The Pebble watch is one of the earliest smartwatches, and it's easy to see
Disneyland opened on July 17, 1955, and has been a world-famous theme park since
Christopher Marinello, 53, has been working with the LAPD on the case. He has
Chris Lewis, 68, brought the unusual court case against his ex-wife Nicola, 48
Gray, 25, died a week after he was arrested for carrying a switchflower knife.
National Counterterrorism Center advisory group ordered by the White House. It is expected to recommend what
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to 'urgently review' plans. Move is
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property.
Fern Britton, 57, has been married to Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen
Seven women believed they were in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state.
Investigation found Williams embellished at least 11 different reports. NBC chief executive Steve Burke gave briefing
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald have not repaid tax. They were told to
Historian Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in
New royal baby could be clad in biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Colin Farrell, 38, has been linked with a string of famous beauties. Irish actor
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced young men to join ISIS.
One painting went for £25,000 and the other went for £10,000.
The Supreme Court is expected to rule on Tuesday on whether or not the Constitution gives gay people
Lung Wong, or the Dragon King, is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways
Corinthian colleges will shut down its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students
Geoff Haigh wanted to marry long-term partner Heather after being diagnosed. But couple settled
Scientists have found two teeth of the first modern human culture found in Italy. They were found
Valerie Jackson, 35, has to regularly cover her son's body with creams to try
Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the Libyan. They said he would be
Michelle Obama chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting remote areas around the world
George at Asda has unveiled its 'luxury christening range' just in time for
A disgruntled staff member wrote a sarcastic resignation letter to bosses. The note was written by a
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News. The woman was allegedly
Dr Sanjay Gupta was asked by a Nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a
The image was re-posted on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria. Abu
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. She may
horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes, 16. The teenager was found
Labour leader wants to give councils power to raise tax on unused land. Labour leader said the
Former NSA chief General Keith Alexander warned of a cyber-assault. He warned energy infrastructure is
Classic FM presenter John Suchet, 71, has spoken out about his wife's diagnosis.
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, spoke at a court in the
Gina Rinehart's daughter Bianca appeared in a Sydney court on Monday. She was
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University
Jeremy Jackson, 34, was arrested on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon. He is
Chief executive of Europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a French weekly
Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting. His brother has called
amusement parks offer a world of fun for children living in Pakistan's slums. Many have
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday. He was
Nicholas Graves, 25, and his father David, 56, were found dead in their garage
Princess Leonore looked disheveled as she made her way to the Vatican. The
Nursultan Nazarbayev, 74, has been re-elected president of Kazakhstan.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death
Vessel was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter infrared. French customs tipped
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
Collin Burns completed Rubik's Cube puzzle in 5.25 seconds. He shaved 0
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police
Celine Bisette, who uses the pseudonym 'prostitute' whenever she is discussing
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its annual Pig Rassle tournament
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to be executed.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in
Bonnie Suchet, 73, died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe. He said
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes after tragic aircraft crashes. The
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer at New Cross Hospital. She
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the Commons before classes began
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up
1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane. Passengers were being driven
President Obama refused to use the word 'genocide' as he marked the 100th anniversary
Charlotte Briggs, 7, refused place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. Mother Lyn
Jo Malone, who has worked for Estee Lauder, said she was'so passionately'
Auckland coastguards received an unusual call out to a homemade boat race. The event saw a
Families are desperate to give loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition
Officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note after superiors forced him to drop his
Jay Z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app Tidal after the service
Up to 18 people were killed and more than 60 injured in the avalanche on Everest. Survivors
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power. Alleg
The stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet
William Shatner is planning to run a Kickstarter campaign to bring water to California. He
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath
The Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism. The tree
Emspir hashtags work with single emoji, multiple Gravity or can be combined with text.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-
The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning
Jane Tipper had been walking her dogs when she fell over cliff's edge. Eight-
Mary Cowan, 92, generously ordered large slice of her estate should be given to George
Jeff Bezos' company, Blue Origin, barely registers in Van Horn, a way station along
Nick Clegg said he would demand education spending be protected from cuts. First of his '
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to
Oscar Hernandez Jr, 24, said he was 'awed' by Aaron Hernandez when he sent
A 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman were arrested following
Karen Newton played the bugle call at dawn service for stranded Gillieston Heights residents.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for LGBT teens
Hillary Clinton is aiming to become the leader of the Free World. If she reaches her goal
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of two lesbian moms. She hopes that the video will
A family have claimed the body of an infant found on Maroubra Beach. Filomen
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, has designed a'millennium camera' that
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen. The hospital replaces four
Grant Clarke, 45, suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012. It
Vincent Lamouroux painted the derelict Bates Motel in LA's Silver Lake neighborhood completely
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said Ed Miliband had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by
Ian Somerhalder and his fiancee tied the knot in Santa Monica on Sunday.
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on the Salt Lake City
Broga yoga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its 'rugged' approach to traditional workouts.
Eva Kor, 81, embraced former SS guard Oskar Groening in court last week
Scottish First Minister said Labour leader would soon 'change his tune' Miliband insists he would not
Builder Mark Lawson, 44, was at The Diamond Tap in Newbury, Berkshire. He
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon after his brother Jordan Almgren was stabbed
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port and sank. Greenpeace
Katie Hopkins slammed those who have been vandalising posters. Ad for protein World has been put
Dutch royal couple and their three daughters travelled through the city by barge. Willem-
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three
Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi lost their baby boy,boys, after a six-
Hannah Wilson, 22, was found dead hours after leaving a Bloomington bar. Her friends
A Melbourne couple's crowdfunding page received a $2 billion pledge. Within an hour the donation
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself in Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon
Chancellor said he was addicted to hit BBC series Poldark. He said the 'one
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan' But shadow home secretary
Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu was damaged in Saturday's earthquake. But resc
President Obama granted the CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to
TV presenter said her sister had contact family to say she was safe. She said Debbie had
Paul and Laura Elliott married at the London Marathon on Sunday. The 36,000 runners took
Maria Sevilla hand-delivered a poster begging her son to stay in Australia. The
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with Handy to offer cat fostering. App allows users
Researchers photographed the faces of 42 women with an average age of 24. They then asked a
Storm system started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas. Storm moved northeast towards Dallas/
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has apologised for pulling young girls' ponytails. He was
Cassandra Fortin was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She was forced to
Lucy, 24, is face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitf
Israeli couples are being evacuated from Nepal following the deadly earthquake. Several premature babies - and some
Dr Xiao- reproduced Zhai says she has brought more than one thousand babies. She says
Isobel Attwood, 16, has been missing for two days. She has not
Bruce Jenner's ex-wife Diane Sawyer said in an interview with ABC that she had declined
U.S. researchers are testing the gel as a dressing for burns. Platelet-
Dawn was on Jeremy Kyle's show when she found out her friend had stolen. She was
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, revealed she watched her
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, photographed 56 adult women with the
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising after her car collided with railings.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. He is now on
Beatrice, 26, was seen in Litchfield, Staffordshire, on Friday.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in as the 83rd U.S. attorney general on Monday
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed
Deputy PM vows to cling on as leader even if party is wiped out at the polls.
extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu.
New South Wales residents warned to brace for more floods and damage. The state Emergency Service has
James Staring, from Fit to Last, says there are four simple ways to banish
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger last night. Viewers have taken to
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47. Her
Tim Ward lost his wife and home in the mudslide that swept Washington last year.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 named most uncomfortable car with 81.1% of the vote.
Many smartphones on sale today have built-in FM chips. This is because it would reduce
Febyanti Herewila and Andrew Chan have married at Besi Prison on Nus
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a row
Lydia Bright interviewed Ed Miliband as part of campaign encouraging youngsters to vote. reality TV star said
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only evidence of Zapalnya, Bulgaria.
Jennifer Lopez has completed triathlons. The mother-of-two avoids sugar and
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a
The EOssc2 is an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities
A 22-year-old man jumped from a hotel balcony and landed in a pool.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, says single sex schools
Ukip leader said party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats. Acc
Brett Allen Marihugh, 34, and Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis
Former President, 68, spoke at a closed-door meeting in Las Vegas. Said that
Gary Lowndes has put his Tampa mansion back on the market after being found in violation
Isa Richardson, 46, told court she felt intimidated by the youngster. She told court she
Tyra, 41, made her debut hosting the Daytime Emmy Awards. She promised to
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6. His wife June,
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met man on Plenty of Fish and exchanged flirty
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers. Firm has deals with the
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves. The group vowed to
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her Bolton home with the animals for more than 30 years
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born
Senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs' Scott
Kieran Murray has released a series of videos asking Americans to try the Australian accent. The
Linden Officer Pedro Abad was charged with DUI in Rahway, New Jersey. Ab
Temperatures set to be colder than average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures
Leaked information was designed to make the disgraced NBC newsman negotiate an exit from his
Tamale Rocks was performing at Cigars and Stripes in Berwyn, Illinois. She
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. He
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. His sister found
Prince Harry will fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta. The map lets
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being lax. Found
Mr Zhang was travelling on his motorbike in Dezhou City, east China. He was
Melbourne radio broadcaster John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond's Bach
Teachers wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework. They were revealed by more than
Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment she made last month. The 37
Sabine Smouha, from Hampstead, Hampstead, was given the bag by
Archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder in the first quarter of the 101-
Naunihal Singh, 54, attacked Ujjal Singh, 63, at his
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens. Only a quarter see
Ace and Holly were seen performing a balancing act with their front paws up. They stand up
Spitfire P9 columns was one of the first built in March 1940. But it never
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from library at Ickworth House. The
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out
Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells said 'it's relatively easy for us to have
Selina Dicker, 38, was at Base Camp when avalanche hit on April 18 last
Brenda Finn, 30, suffered from alopecia universalis when she was 14.
University of Waterloo astrophysicists create 3D map of the universe. Map spans nearly
Experts believe the Rapa Nui people placed red stone 'hats' on top of
Stephen Gilbert was campaigning for re-election in Cornwall when he was bitten. The dog took
Ginsburg, 82, will be part of a decision on Tuesday on legalizing gay marriage.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will be executed at 2pm local time. The
Jemma Gawned, 40, is the 'polar opposite' of her teens
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested on Sunday after she urinated on the lobby
David Curry, 49, was told he could not order a drink at The Wallow W
J.M. Giordano, 41, says Baltimore police'swarmed over'
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is being sued over the 1973 murder of Patrick Heen
Mark Bellis, an honorary professor of public health, is giving a talk in Las Vegas
Waze app allows users to track locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26
The orchid is one of the most recognisable flowers in the world. It has evolved
Poppy Smart, 23, was repeatedly wolf-whistled at by builders on her
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center in New Jersey was built in 1876. It was home to
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started blog Upfront Mama detailing the trials and
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is the uncle of Syrian President Bashar al-
Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to renew their contacts. But they were scrapped when
Victoria Beckham wore a pair of £1,500 Boots to cheer on her son Romeo.
Stana Katic married business consultant Kris Br laurel. The couple tied the knot in
Ellen Gallant was climbing the mountain when the earthquake hit. The cardiologist was trying to
MP passed dossier of information to Home Office in hope it would start fresh investigation. But paperwork
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to
Hundreds gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil on Monday. The Blues Point Reserve gathering
food blogger Yves Van De Ven, 37, uploaded a picture of himself'missing'
Texas A&M professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling
Sharon Wood listened intently as details of how they were killed were outlined at an inquest.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the message 'I'm sorry' was splashed
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death in
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, left a note to his car to help
'influencers' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to the model
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined
Nicola Sturgeon insists she would call the shots in event of a hung parliament. She is not
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 charges. She was at Furness General
Michael Churton from New York was with four colleagues at the base camp. He was
Taya Kyle told 20/20s Robin Roberts she had to tell her children their father
Keri Davies said that keeping a divan in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was stopped by airport police. He was driving
Ronald Jebson was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up when she wore her rainbow
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency is scrapping paper counterpart. Information about penalty points for traffic
Guo Kai and Dong Hui had planned to tie the knot this month. But she
The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran. Talks between
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is serving a
Tony Toutouni, 42, is the new King of Instagram and has 750,
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession. She
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Staff analysed data
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore colourful outfit to gala
Tareq Kamleh is still registered to practice medicine in Australia. The former Adelaide
The annual 'Festa dos Confederados' marks the 150th anniversary of the end of
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers hip dysplasia and is unable to move
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered York home with w
Victoria Hiley, 30, has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The L
Joshua Sweet, 20, from Birmingham, was jailed for two months after the assault. Victim
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in paranormal as a child. He now owns nine haunted
German government sent cables warning of risk of flying over Ukraine. But Germany failed to pass on
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday
The monster iceberg, larger than Manhattan, was spotted breaking away from West Antarctica's Getz
Kim Davies, 60, admitted illegally altering Elizabethan manor house. He had bought it
Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for first-time buyers. He also wants to
Bill Belichick was caught ogling model Chrissy Teigen's backyard slit at the White House
Four children ages 9 to 13 were rescued from their Philadelphia home Sunday after police say their mother
Letizia and King Felipe attended memorial service in Barcelona. Letizia and King
Prince William and Kate's decision to use St Mary's Hospital in Paddington backed by
Clay Aiken, the runner-up in the second season of American Idol, called Rep
Thousands of commuters were stranded at Waterloo station during rush hour. Network Rail was forced to close
Fannie Randle, who has worked at the USC sororityorityority sorority sor
Natalie Dimitrovska set her Perth home on fire in 2012. She spent over
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanohe
Crown Princess Mary attended Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen. The 43-year-old wore
Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in first three months
Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 riflemen at midnight on Tuesday
Currently phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from
Greg Hardy, 25, was suspended from 10 games after an incident of domestic abuse last year
BioSure HIV Self Test uses small amount of blood from finger-prick sample. It
tortoise retreats into its shell before scuttling off across desert sands. The baffled
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack after returning from a swim.
Apple sold 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its