 Kyle Waring is selling snow in an insulated Styrofoam box for $89 .
 Orlando City Soccer Club is the first club to make its MLS bow . The MLS was reported
 Bafetimbi Gomis says he is "fine" after collapsing during Swansea
 Curt Schilling fired off a series of tweets about his daughter, Gabby, who was
 Rory McIlroy pulls his second shot on the eighth hole of the WGC Cadillac Championship
 Former Vice President Walter Mondale was diagnosed with influenza after a routine checkup . "He
 Zully Broussard gives kidney to a stranger, who then shares data with a
 A we sparkling hitching a surprise lift on the back of a flying woodpecker has
 Cayman Naib, 13, was last seen wearing a gray down winter jacket, black
 One French citizen, one Belgian and three Malians were killed, a hospital official says .
 Two women, both from California, reportedly carved initials into a wall with a coin . The
 Norman Lee went missing while snorkeling with his wife off the eastern coast of Grand
 International Women's Day is March 8 . Many women in the Near East Foundation are earners .
 Jonny Evans and Papiss Cisse have been charged by the Football Association . The pair
 Prince and 3rdEyeGirl are bringing the Hit & Run Tour to the U.S
 Liam Hemsworth and Jeff Goldblum have been cast in the sequel . The film is
 Wichita, Kansas, high school principal drops notes of praise and thanks into bucket . Sherman Pad
 This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
 Nine foreign workers are believed to be in the hands of ISIS militants, officials say . The
 Real Madrid beaten 1-0 by Athletic Bilbao in La Liga derby . Gareth Bale
 This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary
 eBay has stopped trying to swat down the new "bagged air" auctions . The bag
 107 local schools bear the name of a student killed during the attack on the Army Public School
 The incident took place in a suburb of Atlanta . The man was not carrying a weapon,
 Erich Nowsch Jr. faces murder with a deadly weapon, attempted murder and firing
 The 40-year-old man is accused of stabbing five neighbors in Sumoto city .
 The attack happened in the Bolan area of Lashkar Gah city . Several children were
 Kurt Busch was suspended for three months after a civil court found he committed domestic violence .
 The flight crew cited brake issues during the landing, the NTSB says . The runway appeared
 80% of Internet users have looked up health information online . Expert: Health care forums can
 Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist
 Three employees from medical air transport company EagleMed were on board . McIntosh County Sheriff's
 Deven Trafny says his daughter is doing great and he feels blessed . Lily was
 An interim report provides a detailed picture of delays and protocol violations . An astonishing five hours and
 Salvation Army uses #thedress to spread awareness about colors black and blue . Supermodel
 North Korean diplomat allegedly caught carrying gold into Dhaka airport . Officials say he was carrying 27
 Two police officers were killed in Ferguson, Missouri, on Sunday . LZ Granderson:
 Pope Francis says he feels God only wanted him to lead the Roman Catholic Church for a short
 China summons Myanmar's ambassador in Beijing . Four civilians killed in the incident, Xinhua news
 The biggest impersonation scam in history is in India, authorities say . The biggest loss reported
 Twenty-one people are dead and 21 missing after a ferry capsizes in Myanmar . Authorities
 Ashton Kutcher complained about a lack of changing tables in public bathrooms . He offered to give
 Mon Ree, a startup based in Berkeley, California, was founded around this idea . Run
 Paul Waldman: GOP attempt to undermine Obama's Iran policy is not unusual . He says
 The character is the first gay figure in the official Star Wars universe . The character is named
 Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the deadly attack . The explosions kill at least 78 people, a
 Spain's Caminito del Rey features a cliff face boardwalk that hangs 100 meters above
 The Rev. Fred Craddock redefined preaching to an art, his church says . He
 Serena Williams plays her first match in Indian Wells in 14 years on Friday . Williams'
 Lisa Green: Every parent of a teen should have a criminal defense lawyer in mind and at
 Isaac Herzog is the leader of Israel's Labor Party . He is seen as an underdog
 Photographer Ignacio Evangelista criss-crosses Europe to capture abandoned checkpoints . The images
 CNN's "Finding Jesus" airs Sundays at 8 p.m. ET . CNN's
 Kick It Out reports 35% rise in fans reporting racist behavior by other fans . The report
 Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff is under fire for political corruption . Protesters want her to
 The attack happened at a little-known news station in southern India . Hardline Hindu groups
 16 Indonesians have been detained in Turkey, a government spokesman says . They confessed to planning
 Daniel Ricciardo frustrated by F1's cruelty in last year's Melbourne race . Australian
 Navy veteran Vanessa Hicks posted a picture of a Navy sailor and his baby to her Facebook page
 Andre Spicer: Apple's new watch is a "comprehensive health and fitness companion
 Alabama officials have found Lee wants to publish the book . Lee wrote "To Kill a M
 Hillary Clinton's emails were automatically saved, a State Department spokeswoman says . Republicans are asking her
 Number of hate groups in U.S. has declined 17% since 2005, Southern Poverty
 "Cinderella" is the latest live-action retelling of a classic . Liam
 Two more aid workers have arrived in the United States for monitoring . They were treated for Ebola
 Robert Durst's lawyer says investigators raided his home . Durst is charged with first-
Loistine Hoskin paid $1,200 in fines after a car was taken from her
 Vladimir Putin appeared in three photos released by the Kremlin . The images show Putin meeting with the
 A crowd of 40,000 filled Yitzhak Rabin Square in Tel Aviv . The
 Tairod Nathan Webster Pugh pleads not guilty to terror charges . He is accused of
 Writers: Silicon Valley is erasing millennials, leaving them financially stranded before their careers can get
 Five men summoned to court over allegations of racism . Video shows group of Chelsea fans preventing black
 Arsenal beat Manchester United 2-1 in FA Cup semifinal first leg at Old Trafford .
 PSG through to last eight of Champions League after a late goal from Thiago Silva .
 NEW: Storm is "much bigger than expected," says UNICEF . NEW: Storm
 The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted seven artists and musical groups . Paul McCartney,
 Italian sculptor Maurizio Cattelan has put his work on display at S
 There have been Jews in Iran for more than 2,500 years . Many left the country
 About 400 artifacts have been brought up by divers in the initial stage of the recovery of the
 New Zealand media report five cases of locals forcibly taking keys of foreign motorists . The incidents have
 Benjamin Netanyahu and Isaac Herzog are both leading opposition parties in Israel's upcoming elections . Many
 Kerry Washington has signed on to play Anita Hill and executive produce a TV movie for HBO .
 Tamerlan Tsarnaev was wounded in a gun battle, then run over by his brother,
 Three British teens are believed to have crossed into Syria to join ISIS . If authentic, the
 CNN's " Cotterlight" interviews the couple's first tour as newlyweds .
 GOP Senators sent letter to Iran aimed at scuttling Obama's efforts to prevent Tehran developing
 The next Ferguson police chief will have to shrink the ocean of distrust between community and police .
 The 68-year-old has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the
 Tunisians pledge to travel to Tunisia this summer . "I will come to Tunisia," says
 University of Virginia student leaders plan a campus forum Friday . Martese Johnson, 20, was
 All 11 service members aboard Black Hawk helicopter believed dead . Search is now focused on recovering the
 Ozgecan Aslan's father says her death woke a nation . He says she was
 Kelly Gissendaner is serving the death penalty for the 2010 murder of her husband
 March is the NCAA Tournament, or more often the NCAA Tournament . The tournament is pitting
 Five residents say they'll try to oust the Ferguson mayor . The city's police chief and
 The bodies of four Italian tourists have arrived back in Italy . The bodies of the Italians were
 Lindsey Vonn wins super-G event at Garmisch-Partenkirchen
 Zaur Dadayev says he was detained because he was scared . He tells two human
 Melissa was sold into the sex trade by a family member when she was 12 years old
 AJ Pero was a longtime drummer for the metal band Twisted Sister . He died of what
